TEXT:Maxx Grass Corporation and Green Way Growers, two of the largest marijuana producers in the nation, recently announced a merger that is expected to be worth billions. As the recreational drug industry continues to grow, many are wondering if this joint venture is right for Urustanguittedand. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Let’s just hold our horses on all this ‘merger’ talk,” murmurs Commerce Minister Shiloh ‘Trust Buster’ Silva as she polishes an oversized walking stick. “If these two companies merge, the resulting behemoth would monopolize at least 75% of the industry. How would any of the smaller businesses be able to compete? For the good of our many hard-working entrepreneurs who are just trying to sell enough weed to put food on the table, we must block this merger, and hash out some legislation to prevent this situation from recurring.”
OPTION-1: “These companies are making record profits off the green stuff!” notes your Finance Minister, who is wearing a Maxtopian Grass t-shirt. “It’s high time that the government got involved. Rather than blocking the merger, why don’t we just become the competition? We already have trade access to the far-flung locations that produce rare strains like Manamana Maneater and Brasilistan Bomber. We’ll also be able to guarantee the quality of our products and maintain purity levels that you just won’t find in the private industry. Imagine what we can do with the sales revenue!”
OPTION-2: “Why should we allow private companies to reap all the rewards, man?” asks your stoner brother after obnoxiously puffing some Maxtopian Grass smoke in your face. “The government should like, nationalize the drug industry! These corporations are like, totally evil and they freak me out. Marijuana distribution would be way safer in government hands. Down with Big Drugs!”
OPTION-3: “I think that stuff’s getting to your head,” replies Esher Berenstein, the CEO of Maxx Grass Corporation, while rolling his eyes. “I’ll have you know that two percent of our profits are donated to local schools, hospitals, and crime prevention programs. If the government were to muscle in on our turf, it would make them no better than the shady drug dealers of old, and would reduce the amount of money that we could donate. If anything, the government should let us continue with the merger so that we can expand our business across Urustanguittedand with as little red tape as possible.”

