TEXT:A recent audit of transit systems across Kel Tory revealed more cobwebs than coins in ticket vending machines, even though trains, buses, and ferries are as crowded as ever. Worried about rising numbers of fare evaders and the resulting decline in revenue, your Minister of Transportation urges you to take action — starting by going down into the local subway and seeing the problem for yourself. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The trains are barely running!” laments a subway driver, leaning out the window as the train releases a worrisome hiss. “I got stuck in the tunnel for an hour yesterday because of a faulty electrical line, but the higher-ups say there’s not enough money to fix it. To get transit budgets back on track, we need to raise ticket prices until we have enough to cover the full cost of keeping systems in operation. Sure, some people still won’t pay, but with the extra money from riders who do, this ol’ train could finally get a tune-up.”
OPTION-1: “Like fares aren’t already a rip off!” yells a teenager who was just arrested for attempting to jump over a fare gate. “Transit should be free! Everyone has the right to get where they need to go — rich people, poor people, people like me who, uh... left their transit pass at home. You have some tax money lying around to cover free fares, right?”
OPTION-2: “If you can’t pay the fare, don’t ride the train,” retorts police officer Alexandra McKay as she handcuffs the teen. “What we really need is more cops on the system to make sure everyone pays. Not only will it ensure steady fare revenue, but the trains will be safer too. To stop scofflaws like this one, we’ve also gotta get new security cameras, impregnable fare gates, heftier fines for fare-evading, and — hey, get back here!”
OPTION-3: “It’s not about the quantity of tickets you sell, but quality,” sneers Mr. Ron Opoly, a tycoon who owns all four railroads in a nearby coastal resort city. “It is only proper that the upper crust should travel in a manner befitting our wealth and status. My peers and I could be convinced to leave our limos if you added luxury train cars to subways, first-class reclining seats to buses, and private cabins to ferries. Those of us who like to travel in style will gladly pay more for a more refined transit experience, and our premium tickets will easily keep your budget afloat. The rest of the teeming masses can pack into steerage like they always have.”

