TEXT:Recently, Cures for Children (a major charity that researches life-threatening illnesses in young people) was presented with a massive monetary donation. However, the shouts of joy turned to noises of disgust when the donors were revealed to be a fringe political group with an agenda of racial purity. The charity refused the money outright, leading to debates on the ethics of refusing charitable donations for political reasons. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I can scarcely believe the gall of these scum! I’m from a racial minority! How dare they try to use MY charity to make themselves look good?” shouts Charlemagne Snow, director of Cures for Children. He slumps back into a chair, breathing heavily as one of your assistants offers him a paper bag to breathe in. “Not only does it go against everything decent people stand for, but we would be tainted by association. What donor would want to spend money on a ‘racist charity’? You need to allow charities to reject any donation they want, for any reason! Outlaw anonymous donations too. Yes, we’re refusing money that would go to sick children, but it’s for their own good.”
OPTION-1: “Oh, of course it’s about politics,” says Holly Bottomley, leader of the hate group in question, wearing war paint and a toga. “You’re really seeing the dark side of ‘these people’, the side that they try to hide in the media. They’d let children suffer before they give any of us oppressed majority race-patriots a voice. Even if we did have a so-called ulterior motive, would it really be worth denying such a big cash payout to these needy, sick kids? You should make it illegal for any charity to reject a donation. Heck, maybe it’ll inspire more right-minded folk to donate!”
OPTION-2: “Honestly, doesn’t it bother you that these subhuman people are even allowed in your nation? We don’t want their kind here!” exclaims your normally liberal Minister of Inclusivity, to the surprise of all present. “OH! I mean the racists, not the ethnic minority. Outlaw racist groups, and place restrictions on hate speech. Of course, the free speech people will complain about the slippery slope and all that, but I trust our legislators to be able to tell the difference between hate speech and productive dialogue. I mean, they’re already so reliable and efficient.”

