TEXT:Recent studies of becquerel-burdened berries have found that radioactive fallout from nuclear weapons testing in Althaniq has been carried into Infinite Galactic Empire by transoceanic jet streams. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Althaniq might be keen to join the big boys at the nuclear-capable club, but this sort of sloppiness makes it clear they’re not ready,” comments your Minister of International Patronisation. “Infinite Galactic Empire is like an elder sibling to Althaniq — tell them that they don’t need a nuclear weapons program, because they’re already under our protection. In fact, tell them they have to cease all testing now and in perpetuity, if they want to stay on our good side, and pay reparations for the harm they’ve done. They gotta remember their place.”
OPTION-1: “No, can you not see? This is the danger of raw, unadulterated nuclear power!” cries nuclear disarmament activist Napoleon Cruise as he manically waves around a Geiger counter that clicks worryingly as it sweeps past your groin area. “These weapons imperil our very means of life — the ramifications of radiation spare no one. Althaniq must cease their nuclear ambitions, and we should lead by example. Disarm now!”
OPTION-2: “How boring, like I haven’t heard that two hundred and thirty-five times already,” yawns nuclear scientist Stephanie Kilkenny. “Look, Althaniq is only doing nuclear tests because they’re decades behind advanced nations like ours. We did all our testing decades ago, and there’s really no need for them to repeat all that messy business. Just share our technical knowledge with them, and we’ll be even closer allies than before.”
OPTION-3: “We should use these jet streams to our advantage,” whispers your Minister of Stealth Bombing as he materialises out of nowhere. “Our scientists have compiled a detailed map of jet stream systems — correctly employ these, and we can secretly detonate dirty bombs in the middle of nowhere, while still delivering cancer and illness into the heart of enemy nations.”

