TEXT:A recent poll of the population has revealed that patriotism is at an all-time low. The nation’s few remaining patriots have crowded in your office, as they desperately try to boost Infinite Galactic Empire’s public pride. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I’m shocked and appalled!” gasps Coruscant town crier Marcus Hamilton, decked out in an obnoxious outfit with the same color scheme as the national flag. “People should be proud to call themselves a citizen of Infinite Galactic Empire, and we ought to start their proper political education when they’re young. History and civics classes need to be mandatory, so long as those imperialist right-wing loons aren’t providing the material. Kids must be forced to recite the national anthem and the Pledge of Infinite Galactic Empire in schools. That’ll show those filthy capitalists in the United Federation! Long live the Peoples Interstellar republc!”
OPTION-2: “Frankly, that doesn’t go far enough!” argues your military aide-de-camp General Iris North while flexing her muscles. “The government must instill pride in Infinite Galactic Empire at every opportunity. The national anthem should be played over public loudspeakers. Flags and propaganda posters need to be on every street corner. We can even place subliminal messages in movies, music, and art. Oh, and we can have big military parades in major cities. Nothing says ‘Long Live Imperika’ like the display of raw military might!”
OPTION-3: “Maybe if the people saw the government doing something good for a change, they would feel differently,” suggests Alfons Urquhart, who was the only person to show up for a scheduled tour group. “All I see on the news are issues about government scandals, partisan blowhards insulting each other, or some military official threatening war with Maxtopia. No wonder our citizens think this country is a disgrace. The government could tone down the craziness and say oh, I don’t know, help out the victims of that earthquake in Blackacre or enact some policies to help end homelessness. Who knows, maybe people will be proud to call themselves Imperials once again?”
OPTION-4: “Or, you know, we can do none of that,” yawns an apathetic citizen wearing a Bigtopian football jersey, who only came to the meeting because of your offer of free pizza. “I mean, not everyone wants to support the country or whatever. People shouldn’t be forced into loving the country through government action. Sure, then maybe you won’t have people caring as much, but... hey! The Real Housewives of Coruscant is coming on. Is there a television somewhere in here?”

