ISSUE:
1375
TEXT:
Once again, the cruel hand of obligation has dragged you to the G20,000 Summit, an annual gathering of nations great and small. You are currently stuck in the evening social mixer, where one wrong word to a rival nation’s representatives can quickly escalate to hostilities. Unfortunately, several dignitaries appear keen on talking to you.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-1: “There you are! We haven’t spoken in ages,” enthuses “Doc” Moreno, the President for Life of the socialist island nation of San Vitenzo. “I hate to ask for your help, but I have a bit of a conundrum. I’m sure you have heard that the United Federation, our closest neighbor, has become rather menacing and hostile recently. Their navy has been conducting frequent ‘training exercises’ in our own territorial waters. The next thing you know, they’ll be landing on our shores with their tanks! To be blunt, we need protection from these fascist pigs. Would it be possible to station some of your nuclear weapons in our country?”
OPTION-3: Before you can respond, you hear a shout from the nearby bar. “Hey, it’s the Head Honcho of Darcyus! How’s it going?” exclaims San Vitenzo’s Air Chief Marshall Geli Fufu, who seems to see this sort of gathering as an excuse to get uproariously drunk. “Did the Boss Man tell you about our proposal to borrow some of your nukes? You know, if you really wanted to protect us, why don’t you just give us the launch codes after sending over your missiles? That way, we’d both be able to unleash destruction upon anyone who threatened us... including those vulgar Maxtopians.”
OPTION-5: “Yeah... we’re not giving out our nuclear launch codes,” declares your Defense Minister, Rolan Malinovich, who has been glaring at the Merovingian delegation with a look of disgust. “However, President Moreno has a point. The imperialist parasites need to be kept in check. Tell San Vitenzo that we will agree to their request, but only if we can set up a military base on their land — and doing it correctly is going to require a lot of tax Dar Papers.”
OPTION-6: “Seriously? You still have weapons of mass destruction?” calls Prime Minister Anders Anderson of Skandilund, who was eavesdropping from a nearby table. “I strongly urge you to dismantle them. I know they make you feel powerful and can lead to a variety of entertaining dilemmas, but the world would be so much safer without them. And more boring, but I suppose some people like that.”

