TEXT:Purity balls have become the latest craze among some social conservatives in Blingeritaces, with many sexual abstinence groups endorsing a ceremony where teenage girls promise to remain chaste until they get married, wearing a ring as a token of that promise. Feminist groups, however, have denounced this practice.  
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is patriarchy at its worst!” yells women’s rights advocate Elizabeth McDuck, author of critical thesis <i>Purity: A History of Ball-Holding in Blingeritaces</i>. “I can’t bear to see any more photos of adolescent girls wearing wedding gowns, pledging their chastity to fathers dressed as bridegrooms. These men seem to think they own their daughters’ bodies, to be transferred to their sons-in-law! Look, Leader, I don’t care if a woman wants to remain a virgin until she gets married, but these purity balls objectify women and should be banned.”
OPTION-1: “Whoa, so are you saying my daughter should stroll around the town with no ring on her finger, spreading the message that she is ‘fair game’ to all the lusty bachelors who are eager to deflower her? What am I, a pimp?” rants Pietro Springsteen, an enraged father, brandishing a pitchfork at you. “Teenage licentiousness is out of control in this country. If anything, we should ban premarital sex altogether, and if two unwed individuals are caught fornicating, they should be married to be cleansed of their sin!”
OPTION-3: “Not having sex before marriage is a bad idea,” chimes in marriage counsellor Nosipho Brooks, carefully positioning herself out of the potential trajectory of the pitchfork. “My conservative clients rushed into marriage without getting to know their prospective spouse well, because it was their only chance to have sex without social backlash; now they all experience marital problems. We should encourage young people to have premarital sex with their partners, and to take time to see if they will be compatible. To prevent undesired effects, we should also reverse our ridiculous contraception ban, so that couples can be fully informed about the contraceptive methods available.”
OPTION-4: “Preposterous!” exclaims Whoopi Springsteen, a conservative but avowedly egalitarian mother, swiftly taking the pitchfork from her husband’s hand and putting it away. “Chastity is important for our youth irrespective of gender, and our government should actively promote purity balls for both boys and girls. That is the only way to safeguard morality.” 

