ISSUE:
1391
TEXT:
Today was supposed to be a calm day. The issues on your desk this morning were even more trivial than usual. Of course, that’s how it always goes. Defense Minister Rolan Malinovich suddenly bursts into your office, closely followed by two other ministers who are engaged in a spirited debate. Malinovich quickly marches over to your desk and motions for the others to be silent. “Good morning, Comrade Leader. As per our agreement with San Vitenzo, we are in the process of installing a nuclear missile shield as a bulwark against the United Federation’s aggressions. Unfortunately, the capitalist pigs have spotted the missiles and are now demanding that we remove them.”
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: Malinovich hands you a transcribed copy of the enemy’s demands before continuing. “You know as well as I do that the United Federation’s leadership are a bunch of spineless weasels who will back down when confronted with a superior fighting force like our own. Tell them to quit interfering, or face our wrath.”
OPTION-1: “There’s no need to provoke them unnecessarily,” replies Minister of International Diplomacy Andrea Gramyki, who is tuning the guitar that she is infamous for carrying around at all times. “What if we were to propose some sort of negotiation between our government, the United Federation, and San Vitenzo? We don’t have to actually agree on anything; we just want to delay them long enough to install the missiles before the imperialists realize what’s really going on!”
OPTION-2: “Maybe we should offer a metaphorical carrot instead of a stick?” suggests Herschel  Wampeter, one of your Co-Ministers of Totally Legal and Creative Solutions. “I’ve heard that the United Federation’s leader, President Ken J. Finnedy, is worried about his main opponent in their upcoming elections. If we were to discover some embarrassing revelations about this other candidate, and then offer the evidence to Finnedy, I think he would be more willing to turn a blind eye. Of course, all of this <i>quid pro quo</i> will require a few quid — as they say in Albionia — to help us find the most useful information.”

