ISSUE:
638
TEXT:
On your way to work this morning, you noticed an unusually high number of orphans pickpocketing and ‘asking for more’ from passing strangers. Realizing that this may put a stain on Ataidoisesta’s reputation, you have asked for opinions on how to deal with this orphan overcrowding problem.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Gawd bless youse, Leader, but can’t ya spare a copper or two for us poor little cherubs?” meekly asks an orphan known as Minuscule Max, who has managed to pick your pocket without you noticing. “The old orphanage is in a right sorry state, an’ no mistake. Just yesterday we ‘ad ta burn our caps and clogs to have somethin’ to warm ourselves by. All we askin’ is that you ‘ave a think about us: maybe them fightin’ soldiers could get less, and we could get more?”
OPTION-1: “I agree that these children should not be left to fend for themselves, but let’s not be too hasty about lowering military funding,” reminds your semi-compassionate Minister of Defense who prefers to ‘kill enemies kindly’. “In fact, why do we even need these orphanages? These children are sponging off the government’s teat and all we get in return is a bloated welfare budget! All orphaned children should be sent to military training academies, and then they can repay us for our generosity by fighting for our glorious Holy Fundamentalist Kingdom!”
OPTION-2: “I can’t believe what I’m hearing!” gasps factory manager Gyaltsen Scrooge, whose remarkably clean hands have never known a day of honest labour. “How can we be sinking so low as to even consider wasting such a valuable resource on the military? I agree that we should get these kids off the government teat, but we should lower the working age so they can work and earn money to fend for themselves! Send these orphans to work in my factories and I’ll pay them a very ‘generous’ wage.”
OPTION-3: “You know, I think our friends in Dàguó have the right idea with their one child policy,” suggests population control expert Maria Skywalker while going over the latest birth statistics. “Ataidoisesta has a population of 1.411 billion and growing. We can barely keep up as it is without adding orphans into the mix. I propose adopting Dàguó’s one child policy here while offering generous tax incentives for the good people of Ataidoisesta to adopt our remaining orphans. It may be a tad restrictive, but the people will thank me when they aren’t suffocating on the subway.”

