TEXT:University scholars recently made headlines for their discovery that an antiquated treaty between the government and the native Violetstone tribe was never correctly translated into the tribe’s language. The treaty - in which the tribe agreed to give up a substantial portion of their native lands - used verb tenses which implied that the agreement was only temporary. Speakers have converged in your office from each of the four directions to give their opinion on the matter. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: Chief Sitting Beaver, elected representative of the Violetstone tribe, paces in front of your desk indignantly. “All my ancestors have been cheated of our sacred land by your people. How are we supposed to thrive on tiny parcels of arid land like Spruce Ridge and Leaning Rock Reservations? I demand that all that was once ours is immediately returned to us, regardless of whether the land is privately or publicly owned. It is our heritage and birthright!”
OPTION-1: “This simply cannot happen!” proclaims Douglas Ruiz, your Minister of Housing and Development, after Chief Sitting Beaver has returned to the sweat lodge that he constructed on your front lawn. “These people are laying claim to productive commercial and industrial zones, along with residential land that was settled by thousands of families. We cannot afford to give up these areas. So what if a few minorities get upset? We need to keep this land, for the prosperity of Sascvencha!”
OPTION-2: Your exasperated secretary hurries over to deliver a new folder of issues to you. “Obviously, we can’t just return the land; it’s too valuable to the country. But we can’t ignore these people either; they’re too large a percentage of our population to be disregarded.” Looking pensive, he pauses for a moment and readjusts his glasses. “How about we reimburse them another way? A lump sum of a few million Dollars should settle them down, right?”
OPTION-3: “Listen to this codswallop!” grumbles your bigoted great-uncle while jotting down a series of misspelled racist slogans in a tattered notebook. “These leeches have contributed nothing worth having to our glorious Socialist Canadian Union! They’re lazy vagrants who create a burden on civilized society. All they do is take drugs and commit crimes. Why not just eject them from the country? Only our race is good enough for Sascvencha!”

