TEXT:TechnoLiberia City University researchers have reported that as many as 1 in 3 people in TechnoLiberia may be suffering from chronic loneliness. Studies say this is causing considerable harm to people’s health, as dangerous as smoking a pack of cigarettes each day. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The problem here is social isolation,” observes lead researcher Dr. Elena Rugby, who is plastered with a distracting amount of facial make-up. “Lonely people could just use some government-funded opportunities where they can meet up and chat, get-togethers where they might find the man of their dreams after being left at the altar thirty-two long years ago.” She sighs wistfully and averts her gaze.
OPTION-1: “No, the problem here is perceived social isolation, not actual isolation,” interrupts co-researcher Mackenzie Thomas, talking to you via a carefully crafted sock puppet on his right hand. “Mr. Sock here thinks that it’d be better to provide counseling and drugs to brighten up life. You’re only alone if you feel alone.” He pecks Mr. Sock on the ‘cheek’ and smiles happily.
OPTION-2: “No, no, the problem here is isolating perceptions of what constitutes socialisation,” interjects IT support nerd Doreen Mode, showing a clueless researcher how to turn his computer off and on again. “Two words for you: robot companions. Okay, three words: foxy robot companions. Kit out social services with a few of these, and BAM... job done.”
OPTION-3: “No, no, no! The problem here is that these socialists are attempting to isolate big government solutions,” complains socialite Daisy Hawkins, smoothing out her second-hand green velvet jacket. “If you really want people to be less lonely, then cut back income tax a bit, and they’ll have more disposable income to get out and meet people. More money equals more happiness!”
OPTION-4: “No, no, no. And no. The problem here is social isolation being seen as undesirable,” comments introvert Ringo Harrison, offering his thoughts softly from behind a pair of face-obscuring sunglasses. “Wouldn’t the world be better if everyone just stopped all this inane chatter and got on with some quiet reading? Oh, there’s an idea: maybe you could make two hours every evening into no-contact time, where people aren’t allowed to talk or interact with each other. That’d be... nice.”

