TEXT:Seven years ago Oliver King went missing after a yachting accident, and has since been declared officially dead. However, he recently re-emerged and came back to Darstoipa. Despite showing up in person to get his death certificate reversed, he found he could not do so. His mortician has come to complain to you on his behalf, as corpses aren’t allowed in the building. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “It seems silly to me that my corpse... er, I mean patient, is still considered dead,” says Preeti Tate, the mortician of Oliver King, as she pushes a gurney with a covered and very life-like mannequin on it. “If somebody who has been declared dead shows up and gets an examination, the doctor should be able to change their legal status to living.”
OPTION-1: The mannequin suddenly sits up, revealing itself to be Yuri Cesternino, who was also declared legally dead after getting lost in the rain forests of Macronesia ten years ago. “Being dead isn’t all bad, I suppose. There are no taxes, my family got an insurance pay-out... I guess it’s kind of fun to be a ‘zombie’! You should just let me stay legally dead. People like me, who officially ‘don’t exist’, can’t claim any government benefits, so you guys get to save some money too.”
OPTION-2: “I may have made a mistake, but after seven years it’s reasonable to presume someone isn’t coming back,” states Cornelius Hugandkiss, the registrar who made the death of Oliver King official. “Of course Oliver is still alive and should be registered as such. Therefore, his family should be made to return their insurance pay-out, and his last will and testament needs to be scrutinized to see if they received any other benefits from his death.”
OPTION-3: “You know, maybe Yuri Cesternino is on to something,” says your Minister of Necromancy, Jaz Poe. “Maybe we should create a task force of legally dead people to eliminate dissenters. We can deny their existence easily because they’re all dead, and if anybody tries to blow the lid off it, they’ll just sound like a crackpot who believes children’s stories!”
OPTION-4: “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! ZOMBIE!” screams your young and excitable niece. “KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT, KILL IT!” Your sister comes in to try to calm the hysterical girl down, as she shouts over the screaming. “Seriously though, if the government says people are dead, they ought to ensure it.”

