ISSUE:
906
TEXT:
Television viewership is at an all-time low. Even popular soaps like <i>As Isles of Codist GPTesta Spins</i> have been rapidly losing viewers. The culprit? More and more citizens have cut the cord and turned to the internet as their primary source of entertainment.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “The solution is obvious!” states wealthy television executive Beckett Smithers, who barely glances at the WhoTube video playing on your laptop. “The government needs to make it tougher for people to cut the cord. Why not tax the internet? Streaming services like Webflix are notoriously unregulated. The government should regulate them the way they regulate television. The entertainment industry is vital to the economy, and we need to encourage people to watch more television, not less.”
OPTION-1: “Forcing people to use something they don’t enjoy seems rather draconian,” muses fantasy writer Freya Bottomley, who has worked on many episodes of the critically acclaimed Webflix adaption of <i>Hexicon</i>. “The better solution would be for the government to invest in the TechnoLiberian entertainment industry, so they can hire more writers and have a bigger budget to work with. That will get people’s butts back on the couches!”
OPTION-2: “Remember when everyone thought radio was going to be the next big thing?” asks WhoTube celebrity The Nostalgia Nerd, donning his trademark pocket protector and loosened red tie. “Change is an important part of the industry, and online entertainment is the next big thing. Each of my videos get over a million views, and I think this is something the government should notice. Why not invest in a program to teach young people how to become successful WhoTube stars? Not only will this give consumers more viewing choice, you’ll also help tackle youth unemployment. Granted, not everyone will make it big, but them’s the breaks!”
OPTION-3: “The internet and television are an unregulated cesspool of violence, sex, and profane language!” declares infamous moral crusader Leandro Hammarskjöld, who unsuccessfully tried to ban the raunchy sitcom <i>The Flimpsons</i>. “The only joy one should get is that from the Creator! The government must ban the internet, and better regulate television, so that the good people of TechnoLiberia can cleanse their sins and gain their entertainment from what really matters... finding peace with the Creator!”

