TEXT:Success! After months of hard work, the police have busted a contraband-smuggling operation of incredible size, with several warehouses of a variety of illegal goods broken open and the ringleaders arrested. As all are cheering the police for their fine work, the question of what you should actually do with all this contraband is being raised. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “These ivory statuettes are from the tusks of endangered species,” says Customs Officer Aria Jackman. “We can’t allow them into circulation, but to destroy art like this seems a shame. Maybe put them into a public museum, and preserve them for posterity.”
OPTION-1: “DRUGS!” yells furious Narcotics Investigator Ernie Powers, kicking at a polythene sack full of white powder. “We gotta stand firm in condemnation of drugs! We’re going to burn all the contraband to make a statement! Zero tolerance! Zero tolerance!”
OPTION-2: “Considerable firepower on display here,” says SWAT-team leader Kristen Wilson. “If I were you, I’d want to know to which dissident group these guns were intended. Put the confiscated firearms in the armoury of the police and military, and give us the all clear to find the terrorists, and deal with them with extreme force. I call it <i>Operation: Ironic Takedown.</i>”
OPTION-4: “Dead bodies... Thousands of dead bodies... This isn’t smuggling; it’s evidence of mass murder!” weeps compassionate citizen Prathik Douglas. “Okay, so maybe the dead are cows and sheep, but animals deserve life too: isn’t that why we’re a vegetarian nation? We should erect a memorial, to pay respect to the souls of these good, deceased animals. Perhaps also, we could have a dignified cremation ceremony.”
OPTION-6: “Oh my... Are those all <i>V12 Maxati Baryons</i>? The fastest road-legal automobiles in the world?” asks police officer Willow Lecter, showing an inappropriate level of enthusiasm. “These have to be destined for illegal race circuits... I say we chip them with GPS trackers, let them slip back into circulation, so we can track down the criminals. I foresee high speed car chases, so you’d better keep a handful back for the police.”
OPTION-8: “This is something of a haul, but these aren’t trade goods anymore: they’re evidence!” says Judiciary Director Colleen Schmidt. “The goods should be stored as such till the legal processes are complete, then they should be carefully destroyed with a clear accounting trail to ensure ethical practice.”
OPTION-9: “So, I make it almost a billion dollars in goods here,” ponders your Treasury Minister, staring at an unethically-sourced blood diamond. “How about we sell this stuff, as official plunder? The revenue boost would be great for this year’s budget deficit. Tax cuts are good, right? This is our stuff now, after all.”
OPTION-10: “You know, I can’t help but think that a lot of this contraband wouldn’t be illegal in a more liberal country,” observes one of the smugglers, from the chair your men have tied him to. “You ever considered changing your laws to allow some free trade and personal freedom, maybe? Like, if you could personally free me, that’d be great.”

