TEXT:After several avoidable deaths were blamed on the incompetent medical advice of “Gertie Mistletoe MD”, an individual operating from a shady office on the outskirts of The Cradle of Marx, investigation revealed that she was using the letters MD without possessing a medical license, nor indeed any form of qualification. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I never lied to anybody!” wheedles the accused individual over the phone, from the bunker where she has gone into hiding. “I never said I was a Medical Doctor, and I didn’t post any signs calling my office a clinic. In fact, obviously, the initials stand for Managing Director. I merely gave advice to whomever happened to come by, and they paid me for my wisdom! Is it a crime to be wrong? Whatever happened to free speech?”
OPTION-1: “My diagnosis: misuse of post-nominal letters. The prescription: board certification!” pontificates Doctor Llewellyn Summers, president of the Ter Fand Anis Medical Association, while scribbling illegibly in a notepad. “There are professional associations for nearly all reputable occupations: MDs, CPAs, even the lawyers with their cute little ‘Esq.’ title! You must require that an individual be certified by a proper professional association before using any kind of letters after their name, for the public’s sake.”
OPTION-2: “I agree that we need credentialing, but the government ought to handle it,” opines Rosita Cage, your Deputy Minister for Expanding Bureaucracy. “Can we really trust private groups to handle membership fairly? That’s just begging for corruption and nepotism. We’ll set standards that will be the same all across Ter Fand Anis, and the paper trail we create — signed in triplicate and filed appropriately — will ensure we know exactly who is allowed to call themselves what!”
OPTION-3: “Occupational titles?” asks your protocol assistant, straightening his cravat. “Oh no, what the government needs is some new titles of its own, to recognize citizens that have served us well! Imagine — the Terry Medal of Freedom! The Ter Fand Anis Legion of Merit! Maybe even bring back knighthoods and earldoms and duchies? That’s how you show some appreciation! Those are the only post-nominals that should be allowed, and the only ones that matter!”

