TEXT:The Chavoldosperbienian upper house recently voted down a major information technology bill, provoking significant backlash in the lower house. Legislators have gathered in your office, and they’re now debating whether Chavoldosperbien truly needs an upper house. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The upper house is outdated and elitist,” argues one of your rather ambitious backbenchers, MP Lucina Sosa, who is a favorite of the information technology industry. “It’s an anachronism, a holdover of a bygone era. Bicameralism belongs to an age when the population was divided into patrician and plebeian classes. In the modern day, it doesn’t make any sense. The upper house is a needless and inefficient institution full of overeducated and uppity old farts who only exist to obstruct our progress. It’s a roadblock to the will of the lobby - um, the people. Leader, empower the people’s house! Abolish the upper house now!”
OPTION-1: “The information technology bill was corporate welfare pure and simple, and that hack knows it,” rebukes Lady Susie Bowie, the Mother of the Upper House as she enjoys her snack of camembert and caviar. “We need an upper chamber to give each piece of legislation a sober second thought. Our job is to scrutinize bills for errors and temper the transient passions of the lower house. We need to be given more power, including vetoing dreadful legislation that comes out of the lower house that violates Chavoldosperbien’s values and customs.”
OPTION-2: “The old woman is right,” comments Alejandro Harishchandra, the head of the Chavoldosperbienian Electoral Commission. “Our nation needs an upper house to be a check on the lower. After all, unicameralism would basically make you an elected dictator with all that unchecked power. At the same time, the upper house’s disapproval should not be a death knell for otherwise popular legislation. I have a compromise. Let’s allow the lower house to call a snap election if the upper house blocks one of its bills. If the lower house, after the election, passes the same bill again, then it becomes law regardless of what the upper legislators think. Expensive? Sure, but at least we give the people the right to break parliamentary stalemates whenever they happen.”

