TEXT:The large, militaristic nation of Dàguó is currently in a dispute with the breakaway province of New Dàguó. As nations around the world begin to take sides, opposing ambassadors have arrived in your office to seek your support. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This ‘New Dàguó’ is nothing but a treasonous cartel of hoodlums and degenerates,” scowls Leroy Scott, the ambassador from the Empire of Dàguó. “We are one of your most important trading partners, especially for your information technology industry. We demand affirmation as the one true and legitimate government of Dàguó. Don’t believe the lies those criminals tell you - our Holy Emperor, long may he live, provides true prosperity and success to all of his citizens. Besides, we might just have to take military action against those who support the so-called New Dàguó - and you want to be on the correct side in this coming war, don’t you?”
OPTION-1: “We deserve recognition!” asserts Rosalina Bannon, the self-proclaimed ambassador from New Dàguó. “We are a democratic nation that holds free elections in our territory. Dàguó’s tyrannical regime was oppressing us, so we declared a revolution! Sure, they outnumber us ten to one, but if you send us weapons and support, we’ll become fully independent in no time! We’ll even pay you back after we figure out how to import enough food without Dàguó’s price controls.”
OPTION-2: Your Minister of Foreign Affairs, Alani Glover, comes up to you and whispers in your ear. “Look, Leader, we can’t afford to lose our trade with Dàguó - our information technology industry would collapse! But we also shouldn’t turn a blind eye to Dàguó’s flagrant human rights abuses. How about we send a vaguely-worded statement saying that we support a peaceful solution to the conflict, and then just say that we supported the winning side all along? It’s a no-risk solution.”
OPTION-3: Later, your seldom-seen Minister of Whispers appears behind you in what you thought was a deserted corridor. “We have an exceptional opportunity here, Your Excellency. It would be easy to discreetly sell weapons to both sides while remaining officially neutral. Our enemies in Dàguó will become increasingly unstable, while we profit from the situation. Some may call these actions unethical - but Chavoldosperbien didn’t start this conflict. We’re just acting in the best interests of the realm, of course.”

