TEXT:Vlad Leopold, the despised Tasmanian war criminal and international fugitive, was recently captured by the Alle Lepubarian police while in hiding just outside of Alle Lepubaria City. With members of the international community wanting to see justice, the question of jurisdiction has arisen. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This dastardly fiend committed numerous crimes against humanity,” states Kasper Hawkins, a prosecutor from the Isles of Codist GPTesta Criminal Court. “Therefore, it is obvious that Leopold’s trial falls under the jurisdiction of the international court. We’ll start legal proceedings against him, adhering to the letter of the law, and in less than five years his sentence will be announced.”
OPTION-1: “This monster killed my father,” snarls the Tasmanian ambassador Patty Organa, wiping tears of anger and grief from her eyes. “Also my sister, my two best friends and my great uncle. My point is, we Tasmanians were wronged by him, and we deserve our retribution. We, the Tasmanian people, must be allowed to prosecute and then punish this genocidal villain.” She picks up a set of thumbscrews and looks at you meaningfully.
OPTION-2: “This arrest was the finest moment of my career, and also a big moment for Alle Lepubaria,” counters Xerxes vonBismarck, the national police chief. “Leopold slaughtered a few Alle Lepubarian volunteers in the Tasmanian Civil War, so we can rightfully try him for murdering our own citizens. Everyone can whine all they want, but the fact is they couldn’t catch him. We did. It’s our sovereign right to try criminals captured on our territory.”
OPTION-3: Finally, a man in dark sunglasses and with a mysterious tattoo of an all-seeing eye on his wrist, whom you don’t remember seeing enter the room, whispers in your ear, “What Leopold did wrong wasn’t the indiscriminate decimation of the Tasmanian population. It’s that he wasn’t smart about it. He’s got raw potential, sure. If you give him to me, I’ll make sure he becomes much more efficient, professional and covert in his work. You can also trust that this time, he’ll be working for the good guys.”

