TEXT:After the Conglomerated Mac Mand Minian Arms Syndicate announced yet another setback in the development of a promised new fighter jet, the Hell-Dove 3000, the Ministry of Defense is considering the previously unthinkable: importing from overseas. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “You can’t! If you cancel the order, we’ll go out of business, putting Mac Mand Minian workers out of a job,” pleads Conglomerated Mac Mand Minian Arms Syndicate liaison Anne-Marie Robinson. “We couldn’t have reasonably anticipated the problems refitting the cockpit to make it windproof. We’ll have the jet finished soon, I swear. In the meantime, maybe a generous contribution to your PR campaign would help convince you?”
OPTION-1: Commodore Engelbert Democracy, Navy Chief of Procurement, is sick of the delays and cost overruns in the Hell-Dove 3000 project. “We were promised this plane three years ago, at half the price. This is getting ridiculous. It’s time we found a supplier who can actually deliver on what they promised - even if that means importing from one of our overseas rivals.”
OPTION-2: “Why stop at fighter jets?” argues Colonel Kim Fitzgerald, who has recently returned from an officer exchange program with suitcases brimming with gadgetry. “We should be inviting all the foreign arms firms to come and bid to completely replace all the rusting junk our Armed Forces currently has to put up with. Just imagine our brave soldiers fighting with cutting-edge jet packs, thermal detonators, and knockout gas! Some would call importing supplies un-Mac Mand Minian; I call it progress.”
OPTION-3: “Do you realize how many jobs that would cost, you blithering idiot?” foams union organizer Philip Matei, diplomatic as ever. “Our arms industry employs people in every one of your marginal electoral districts, so you’d better listen to us... and if the fat cat bosses aren’t running things well, then maybe it’s time we nationalized! Under government control the factories will be churning out guns and ammo at twice the rate! And twice the price...”

