ISSUE:
1550
TEXT:
Recent reports have revealed that drug cartels are supplying the poorer citizens in Upper Norkrativercham with food and medical supplies, currying favor among the masses and in turn making it much harder for the police to apprehend drug kingpins. Several encounters between locals and law enforcement officials have escalated into full-on riots, with large crowds throwing rocks at police who were attempting to arrest suspected cartel members.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “The downtrodden, the oppressed, the destitute: these are our people,” claims militant weed distributor Ivana Smoke, who is rumored to run half of the black market operations in Upper Norkrativercham. “We provide them with essentials that the government neglects, and in turn they shield us from unjust prosecution. This war on drugs is getting you nowhere — your own citizens aren’t even on your side! Cease this mindless vendetta, and tell your pigs to stay out of my territory. Not only will innocent people stop getting hurt, but you can give everyone a tax cut since you won’t need as many police. Don’t you want to support the disenfranchised and the poor, Leader?”
OPTION-1: “Hey! Quick, grab ‘er!” orders Police Chief Harriet Tin as several security guards attempt to tackle the kingpin, who disappears in a cloud of strange-smelling smoke. “Gah, we’ll get them soon enough. Leader, we can’t let our glorious Military State be tainted by these ghastly substances. The best method of alleviating poverty is to crack down on all of the drug-pushing criminals that are trapping our people in a cycle of addiction. Give us more funding, more individual autonomy, and allow us to arrest any civilian seen in league with these dastardly thugs! That’ll show those high-in-the-sky idiots who’s boss.”
OPTION-2: “Brutality won’t solve the problem; it’ll just cause our streets to be awash with blood!” insists social worker Malcolm Cho, who is often seen in Kron’s dingiest soup kitchens. “If you want to prevent people from aiding or joining the drug cartels, we need to improve the schools and social services in these marginalized areas, and open some food banks and medical clinics. By giving our less affluent citizens a path out of poverty, they won’t need to rely on criminals for support, and the problem should dissipate... after several years of hard work, of course.”
OPTION-3: “Theesh people are doing ourrr own work for us!” exclaims your brother in extremely slurred speech as he takes a hit out of an impossibly large bong. “Let themm *hic* keep feeding them or whatever, and...” He doubles over and coughs several times. “We can focush on other stuff like *hic* tourism, or something. Isn’t thish a great opportunity to promote our sight-seeing industryyy? I’m sure people would looove to feed the pheasants. Or something. Haha!” He then vomits on some important papers you were holding and passes out on the floor.

