ISSUE:
1545
TEXT:
Many years ago during a skirmish between Dàguó and the United Federation, the <i>UFS Fricking Awesome</i> was sunk off the coast of Blingeritaces with many lives lost. A United Federation businessman recently dived on the site to place a wreath, but discovered that the ship was completely gone, a casualty of Blingeritacesian metal salvagers.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “That was a war grave!” declares Randy Cox III, the UF businessman, as his scuba gear drips water all over your office. “A local fisherman told me that the bones of the sailors who died on that ship were just dumped on a landfill. This is outright sacrilege! Not only must these piratical bottom-feeders be arrested, but Blingeritaces must do all it can to protect other war graves in its waters; you need around the clock patrols by the coastguard and warships, whatever it takes!”
OPTION-1: “That ship belonged in a museum!” shouts fedora-wearing archaeologist Illinois Smith. “Those wrecks need to be excavated by qualified archaeologists, and everything there brought onshore and preserved in the National Maritime Museum. Only responsible professionals like me can be trusted to take due care with these precious historical artifacts!” He twitches slightly, hoping no-one will mention the time he swapped an ancient imperial corpse for a diamond, or used an arm bone as a torch, or endangered an 11-year-old he had employed as an impromptu local guide.
OPTION-2: “Let’s not get in the way of business, shall we?” pontificates Sofia Putin, the owner of a maritime metal salvaging company. “These ships contain tons of low-background steel, and salvage operations provide jobs and considerable economic and scientific benefit. The legal principle of <i>’inventores possessores, amittentes lamentantes’</i> clearly applies here. As for any organic impurities entangled in the salvage, they most certainly do not end up in landfill: they’re hygienically cremated during the scrap melting process. I say that any ship sunk in Blingeritacesian waters is Blingeritacesian property, and so long as we pay our corporation taxes you should be encouraging our entrepreneurship.”
OPTION-3: “I say there aren’t enough shipwrecks in our waters,” ponders Aurelia Wolowitz, the owner of another salvaging company, as she takes a swig from your coffee before you have a chance to grab the cup. “Maybe the government could look the other way while we place a sea mine or two on the busier coastal trade routes. Companies like mine can then just lurk nearby, and we can clean up!”

