TEXT:Traditionally, the leader of Darstoipa is the only person in the country who can authorize the use of nuclear weapons. However, the increasingly threatening rhetoric between Darstoipa and Blackacre, another nuclear weapons state, is making the top brass of the military concerned that the lack of checks and balances could easily trigger a nuclear war. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “There needs to be more than just your authorization to launch an attack with our WMDs,” asserts General Micah Summers, the senior commander of the Darstoipan military. “It’s not that we don’t trust you. It’s just that this Blackacre situation is giving us lots of sleepless nights. All it would take is for one insult or threat to be taken too seriously and we’d be hurled into a devastating war we may not recover from. Launches of WMDs should require the approval of the military brass plus some additional checks and confirmation codes, not just your assent. Nothing wrong with being a little cautious, is there?”
OPTION-1: “Getting everyone’s consent takes time, and time is a luxury we can’t afford in a volatile situation,” states your security adviser while drawing devil horns on a picture of Blackacre’s leader. “Do you think the dictator of Blackacre is going to waste time with consultants when she decides to launch her nukes? We need to act fast in these kinds of situations. You, Laurel, need to have the ability to unilaterally declare nuclear war and launch our most powerful weapons without anyone getting in the way. Just push the big red button and Blackacre goes poof!”
OPTION-2: “Or better yet, you can start dismantling those weapons!” demands your wayward niece, wearing a t-shirt with the words ‘No More Torpedoes’ emblazoned across the chest. “These bombs are capable of destroying Isles of Codist GPTesta ten times over! Darstoipa must make a stand and take the first step towards peace. Ban weapons of mass destruction, and other brave nations will surely follow suit. I don’t want my future children to inherit a post-apocalyptic Darstoipa!”
OPTION-3: “The problem here is the figurative big red button itself,” muses Dr. Honey Bell-Lecter from the Institute of Thought Experimentation. “Launching nuclear weapons is an action that would definitely kill millions and could kill everyone in the world. Simply ordering a nuclear attack doesn’t have enough moral cognitive weight to it. Thus, the launch codes should be stitched in the viscera of one of your loved ones. That way, you can still trigger global Armageddon if you deem it necessary, but having to first kill and disembowel your loved one makes the suffering sufficiently real for you and forces you to confront the ethical consequences of your actions.”

