TEXT:Recent historical research has revealed that the Smalltopian army’s ‘Lightning War’ was ultimately successful because their troops had been given large doses of methamphetamine. Your top generals have encircled you in your office and this conversation isn’t going to be an easy trip. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The Smalltopians crushed their enemies with their Lightning War,” states Lieutenant General Torres, well known for his singular battlefield tactic of ‘more cannon fodder’. “They marched non-stop for four days and nights through thick forest, while carrying full packs, then fought and easily defeated their foes at the end. If Paruelia Filland wants to win any future wars quickly and efficiently, we need to start issuing our troops with methamphetamines.”
OPTION-1: “Methamphetamine does seem to be a useful addition to a war effort,” ponders Major General Christensen, who prefers to lead by example. “However, there are health issues to consider. Methamphetamine should only be given to elite troops on dangerous missions. When those missions are over, there needs to be a comprehensive rehabilitation period to make sure no one is addicted or suffering from any side effects.”
OPTION-2: “Methamphetamine is a lethal drug!” declares General Andrew Cheavers-Ciphil of the Army Medical Corps, as he hands out pamphlets on the dangers of narcotics. “If we want our troops to win battles, then they must be fully coherent and at the peak of their physical fitness — not pumped full of drugs! In fact, all forms of substance abuse must be banned in the military: narcotics, alcohol, tobacco and even caffeine.”
OPTION-6: “Why only soldiers?” questions your secretary, as she grinds her teeth incessantly, makes you a drink with one hand and takes meeting minutes with the other. “Look at all this work I have piled up on my desk, not to mention all the other tasks I’m expected to carry out. There’s never enough time in the day! Dose every worker in Paruelia Filland with methamphetamines and see how efficient they become!”

