ISSUE:
1235
TEXT:
A gunman took to the mall and shot dead three people before a nearby coffee shop waitress dispatched him with five rounds from her automatic pistol. Unfortunately, as she stood over him gun in hand, a mall security guard thought she was the threat and took her out with his submachine gun. He in turn was shot by a libertarian who thought the state was finally coming to take his gun away. By the time the police arrived (and gunned down more would-be heroes who they had mistaken for terrorists), the death toll had reached fifty-seven.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Personally, I call that a win,” exalts Main Pyrimid Rifle and Revolver Association representative Phineas Beckham, firing a round into the air in celebration. “I mean, how many people would the initial gunman have killed if nobody had stopped him? More than fifty-seven, that’s for sure. More guns equals more safety. Maybe the government ought to recognise that by picking up half the cost of every gun purchased. Oh, and uh... thoughts and prayers to the families of the deceased and all that, yada yada.”
OPTION-1: “Hell, yeah!” agrees Sheriff Wendy Gray, spinning and holstering her sidearm, and accidentally discharging a round into the floorboards. “Though, y’know, maybe more gun discipline would help. People who use guns should be forced to attend training seminars run by responsible and well-paid local sheriffs. That’ll help them to learn target discrimination, gun safety and all that. And... uh... yes... what a tragedy... our hearts go out to the bereaved.”
OPTION-2: “Let’s face it, the problem here wasn’t the shooting — it was the powerful weapons being used,” asserts one of the victims, rubbing her injured derrière. “I mean, if the gal who shot me hadn’t been on full auto, she would never have accidentally zinged me. If we just restrict selective-fire weapons, magazine extensions, and barrel shrouds, that should do it. Wholesome guns don’t kill innocent people. Only assault weapons do that.”
OPTION-3: “Uh, we could try not letting people have these devices designed to murder and maim,” ventures a long-haired hippy, insensitively disrespecting the dead by launching into yet another tirade of typical freedom-hating, commie, anti-gun ranting. It’s possible she has more to say on this, but to be honest, no-one’s listening.

