TEXT:The Ataidoisestan Botanical Society has reported a sharp decline in wild herb populations due to over-collection, resulting in a blossoming debate over foraging rules. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “It’s thyme to root for our herbs!” reads the sign carried by botanist Rose Marie, who is brushing some thistles off her pants. “Our plants are cruelly uprooted to be gluttonously eaten, greedily sold, or even used by hikers as improvised toilet paper! We cannot afford to let our native species become extinct, just because they look appealing to wipe with! We should impose limits on foraging for all plant species to safeguard our flora and my - I mean our - botanical research.”
OPTION-1: “Will my daughter need a flower picking permit?” snaps Basil Nettles, the host of the <i>Cuisine Without Culture</i> podcast. “And what’s next, a lawnmower ban? What a joke! Plenty depend on wild herbs for food security or to supplement their income, not to mention to spruce up their bland food, and extensive regulation would leave them eating dirt. Let me give you some sage advice: foragers should have the right to roam free and collect as many wild berries and herbs as they like.”
OPTION-2: “Over-regulation is bad for the economy, but so is extinction,” reports Deputy Commerce Minister Al O’Vera. “Especially if, say, the exterminated herb has medicinal properties - Ataidoisesta would lose out on any health benefits, and the ability to profit off of it! So how about this? Let’s identify economically and medicinally important plants, then preserve them in national botanical gardens and herbaria. That way, even if foragers go wild, the nation still flowers.”
OPTION-3: “Plants deserve to blossom freely, not be pent-up in a stuffy greenhouse,” interjects Cory Andrea Parsley, the chairwoman of the local neighborhood beautification council, dropping a bag of seeds on your desk. “We should give free seeds to all hikers and encourage them to spread them around while they are walking. Soon enough we will have a rampant vegetation to offset the loss from free foraging.”

