ISSUE:
1082
TEXT:
After an election season featuring bake-offs, dance-offs, rap battles, wet T-shirt contests, and occasional sumo matches between candidates for public office, some people think politicians are spending too much time on publicity stunts and not enough time on serious debate.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “They aren’t just publicity stunts,” claims Tulsi Haggard, a surfer and country music star who serves as a member of Congress in her spare time. “These events are an important way for candidates to show that they’re in touch with regular people. In fact, we should encourage candidates to express their individuality on the campaign trail. Now would you like to hear my latest song about sales tax exemptions?”
OPTION-1: “When people run for office, they should be talking about the issues, not their music career,” says politician Lisbeth Burrows as she looks around your office and sketches a plan for redecorating it. “You don’t see me running campaign ads about how many computers I hacked for fun or how many tattoos I have. We need more responsible election coverage and better oversight of the process before we end up with Edward Rump or Catherine Gratwick leading our country.”
OPTION-2: “Even if Tulsi Haggard stops parading around half-naked, Lisbeth Burrows stops talking about her fry bread recipe, and Ernie Flanders stops conducting symphonies, that won’t stop voters from getting duped,” sulks your Foreign Secretary, Hillary Smoochinger. “As long as elections are a popularity contest, personality politics are going to get in the way of choosing the most qualified candidates. We should just conduct surveys to find out what policies our citizens want, and you could appoint the most qualified experts to implement them. It’s still democracy, except that people are recommending policies instead of voting for candidates.”
OPTION-3: “What do we need surveys for?” asks yogurt manufacturer and inflammatory political activist Steve Dannon. “If people aren’t smart enough to see through these campaign gimmicks, they aren’t smart enough to know what policies are best for the country. The fact that <i>these</i> people are allowed in positions of power and I’m making yogurt should be all the evidence you need that democracy doesn’t work. Why don’t you just get rid of it? I’d be happy to give you some advice on how to run things.”

