ISSUE:
798
TEXT:
Your Science Minister has convinced you to go to a party being thrown by Chavoldosperbien’s leading scientists to celebrate the successful synthesis of a new element at Vichy University. The element itself decays within microseconds, but that hasn’t stopped the party from dragging on for hours. Your attention has finally been sparked as a massive debate over the name of the element has broken out. The situation threatens to become as unstable as the element itself, and people are looking to you for a solution.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “I believe the answer to this issue is as simple as polynomial quadratic expressions to those possessing acceptable levels of neural tissue,” yells Algernon Sandler, the leader of the research team responsible for the discovery, while attempting to disrupt the gaggle of boffins around him by swinging his phone wildly and playing lightsaber noises. “It should be named after me. I discovered it after all. That makes it the optimal method to utilise when naming newly created elements.”
OPTION-1: “I disagree with that hypothesis,” begins Elaine Assange, head of the Advanced Superheavy Synthesis and Electrochemistry Society in a calm monotone whilst sipping from a glass of dihydrogen monoxide. “The correct name for this element would be Unseptnineteenbillionium in accordance with the regulations of my organisation. Any other name would only inhibit clarity to chemists across the world.” Whilst saying this, she unravels a periodic table and writes a five-letter symbol in the position of the new element.
OPTION-2: “I have an even better idea,” claims your cousin, using a megaphone to be heard over the sodium-level volatile debate now occurring at the party. “Why not name it after you? This element could make us well known as the scientific leaders of the world! Besides, who else is more worthy of such an honour? In fact, why not extend it a bit further and name every element after glorious leaders of our nation?”
OPTION-3: “Woah, woah, woah!” gasps an increasingly incredulous undergrad, who happens to be passing by a window on the way to the library. “How the heck are we supposed to remember anything about it from names like that? We should name the elements after what they actually do! Like this new one can be called ‘Lastslessthanamillisecondium’. That’ll make it way easier for us all to make any sense of this stuff.”

