TEXT:Electric cars have vastly reduced air pollution in Ter Fand Anis. However, this has accompanied a surge in demand for lithium, a scarce element primarily obtained through heavy mining. As lithium salts are a critical component in electric vehicle batteries, your advisers fear a shortage could cripple electric car manufacturers and the Ter Fand Anisian lifestyle. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Without additional lithium, there could be a lot more horse-drawn carts on the roads, or even worse, gas guzzlers!” exclaims resource analyst Ichabod Silva. “But don’t worry, Ter Fand Anis has plenty of untapped lithium deposits! The biggest ones just, uh, happen to be located in pristine nature reserves. Anyway, not using our own natural resources would make us dumber than a box of rocks. Give the mining industry the go-ahead to expand lithium extraction operations; it’ll keep our cars cheap and skies beautiful.” 
OPTION-1: “Doesn’t mining defeat the purpose of electric cars?” asks trade official Minerva Bennett while eating from a lunchbox that is clearly labeled ‘Property of the Maxtopian Embassy’. “Rather than destroy our own environment, let somebody else destroy theirs. Dump lithium extraction in Ter Fand Anis, and instead rely on cheap imports from dirt-poor countries like Kawandaland. There’d hardly be any downsides. Well, I mean, the mining sector obviously wouldn’t like it, we might shed a job or two, and there could be supply disruptions whenever Kawandaland goes through a coup, but electric car manufacturers will be jumping for joy!”
OPTION-2: “Lithium-ion batteries power tons of often-tossed electronics,” yaps The Cradle of Marx-area sanitation director Thaddeus Grimes, who is wearing a T-shirt with the slogan ‘Garbage In, Treasure Out’. “We can reuse that lithium if we expand recycling infrastructure to accommodate the extra rubbish. Now look, this garbage idea has a catch — lithium recycling can’t beat mining in terms of output — so there’d be less of the stuff to go around. However, if we reduced lithium demand by hiking taxes on automobiles and electronics while also encouraging use of mass transit, we’d be able to make it work.”

