TEXT:A major national newspaper is taking heat after one of its crossword puzzles contained the answer ‘BIGWIGS’, which is considered a racial slur by Bigtopians. This is not the first time the paper has come under fire for its puzzling word choices, and concerned citizens are squaring off outside your door in hopes of filling in the blanks for you. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Get a clue, Leader!” shouts Bartholomew Vajiralongkorn, president of the Darusanian Civil Liberties Alliance, as he snaps one of your pencils in half. “It is well known throughout Isles of Codist GPTesta that the B-word is a degrading term referring to members of our nation’s Bigtopian community. There is only one solution: demand that the paper fire those who permitted this puzzle to go to print. That should send a warning to everyone that such disrespect and callousness will never be tolerated!”
OPTION-1: “What’s a five-letter word that means ‘iciness’?” inquires Bill Pantz, crossword editor for the newspaper in question, glancing up from a recent puzzle submission he is proofreading. “Oh, that’s right, ‘CHILL!’ Look, the word ‘bigwigs’ simply refers to elitist fat cats, as was clued in the puzzle. On rare occasions, perfectly legitimate words that have sometimes been used as slurs like ‘porp’, ‘beepus’, or ‘jonky’, are fair use in a puzzle. Apologies to anyone who was offended, but that’s where the matter ends. That’s as black-and-white as it gets.”
OPTION-2: “Solving this puzzle requires us to think outside the box,” interjects Fleur Cobblepot, chairperson of the Committee on Appropriate Language in Media. “This problem indicates a lack of varied perspectives within the corporate and media worlds. We should look to promote greater diversity in the workplace, which means instituting government-mandated sensitivity training, financial incentives for companies who hire from certain target groups, and increased funding for programs that seek the advancement of underrepresented communities. It will be expensive, but can we really put a price on inclusivity?”
OPTION-4: “This wouldn’t even be a problem if we nationalized the media!” exclaims Manny Festaux, your Minister of Orwellian Orthodoxy. “Imagine how much easier it would be to pick and choose the content that was published in the dailies. Not only that, but you won’t have to worry anymore about negative publicity directed at you! Now, shall we replace these pesky crosswords with word searches or sudokus?”

