TEXT:Beautiful, blonde, and bisexual, the 25-year-old tennis player Roman Pournikova is perhaps better known for his modelling work and stunning smile than for the speed of his serves. In a recent TV interview, he was asked who his ideal lover would be. To your surprise, he named you, Leader. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Publicity seeking pervert!” yells TV evangelist Dickens Manhole. “Uh... Roman, that is, not you, dear leader! Righteousness compels you to denounce him, to denounce his sinful promiscuity, his bisexual deviance, and his depraved sexual past!”
OPTION-2: “If you’re game for a match, you could be set for a serious popularity boost,” suggests Ahmad Simpson, the grinning chat show host who conducted the now notorious interview. “Doesn’t matter if he’s your preferred type, or what your availability is, or even what your gender preference is - the name of the game here is playing to the crowd. Let’s do a televised one-on-one with some spin and we’ll make you both look smashing!”
OPTION-3: “Oh he is my favourite! I’d love to show him MY Gran Willy,” says Bhooshit, your lewd elderly uncle, wiping the steam from his spectacle lenses. “Sure, he’s just courting publicity, but that doesn’t mean you can’t take the break. Give him a front page picture with you at a movie premiere, and in return he can make a racket with you down the line. Hey, it’s the world’s oldest profession!”
OPTION-4: “This exhibition is distracting from serious politics,” complains Jamling Gruber, your grey-suited Minister of Revenues. “Just laugh off the whole thing as a joke, and use the camera time to talk about important issues, like your proposition to reallocate roles from the Working Tax Auditors to the Association of Tax Pre-assessment. After all, things like insurance breaks, junior exempts and pre-qualifiers are what interests the population, not yawn-worthy old tennis.”
OPTION-5: “Okay, so the media, the public and everyone else is labelling him a publicity-hound and saying this is all about exposure,” observes gossip columnist Naomi Nakatomi from <i>Not Bad Magazine</i>, “but don’t you want to consider the possibility that he’s for real? Why not take him seriously, and woo him sincerely? You never know, this might be the start of something really beautiful!”

