TEXT:You have come to your office this morning to find that your tea hasn’t been brewed, your meeting schedule hasn’t been laid out, and your plants haven’t been watered. There has been a delay in everything as your assistant, Isabelle Whedon, has been slacking off work today because it is her ‘time of the month.’ 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I can’t take it any more, Leader!” wails Isabelle Whedon, plumping down on your chair in her pajamas — then taking a sip from her chamomile tea and rubbing her belly. “For some women like me, periods are too bloody painful to concentrate on work. All female employees should have a right to paid menstrual leave for up to five days every month. Period. This way, instead of writhing in pain in our workplaces with little to no productivity, we can go shop — err, I mean, take a warm, relaxing shower and rest.”
OPTION-1: “Oh, cry me a river!” exclaims Alfred deVries, your misogynistic Minister of Finance, while rolling his eyes at Isabelle Whedon. “Do you have any idea how much money these ‘menstrual vacations’ will cost our taxpayers? But no, these snivelling moaners find a new thing to whine about every day: they want breastfeeding breaks, employment quotas, and now this! Hey, my mother was a woman too, but she never complained about anything. When she was pregnant with me, she worked on our cotton field for 12 hours a day, even if it was her time of the month! Do away with this sex-based discrimination and abolish all special concessions to women. And tell this whimperer to take a painkiller — then get back to work!”
OPTION-2: “How could you even suggest this?” enquires Milhouse Lannister, your Minister of Chivalry, with a condescending smile on his face. “I think we are looking at the problem in the wrong way. Has it ever occurred to you that doing office drudgery may actually be too harsh and stressful for the frail bodies of the fair sex? I think there would be no need for menstrual leave if women were strongly encouraged to do easy and stress-free menial jobs, like basket-weaving or bead-threading. What do you think?”

