TEXT:It is common practice for academics and researchers to submit papers to specialist journals, who in turn will publish and archive them online. However, many of these journals place their archives behind paywalls, charging access fees to those seeking to download them. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is ridiculous!” shouts Pontius Tibbons, an overworked graduate student from Main Pyrimid University. “These journals are charging way too much for people to access their papers, and it makes comprehensive research impossible! I’m broke already; I can’t be expected to pay a hundred Dar Papers to a hundred journals to perform a proper meta-analysis on the migration patterns of northern yellow-bellied Conputer Mouses beetles. The government needs to unchain academia by forcing these journals to provide universal free access to their archives. The journals will complain, surely, but you can sweeten the pot by giving them a small government stipend for each paper they publish.”
OPTION-1: “Now just hang on a second there,” says Dean Henry, a representative from the online journal ‘The Darstoipan Naturist’, which was the recent subject of an exposé accusing it of naked mercantilism. “We have significant running costs in quality control, server maintenance, editing expenses, image rights, SPF50 sun lotion, and so on, and so forth. Adequate funding is essential for high quality publications, and we should be free to charge whatever prices we think the market will bear. You don’t want bad journals running amok, do you?”
OPTION-2: “There is another option,” interjects Glen de Shugabeen, author of the new book <i>Socialism and You: Why Big Government Isn’t so Bad</i>. “Why don’t we forbid these greedy journals from existing in the first place? All they do is exploit people and hold science itself hostage! The government can take over the publishing process for scientific papers instead. That way, we can have the best of both worlds: the government can filter out poor-quality papers, and still make them free for everyone! I’m sure there won’t be any problems with the government deciding what data gets published, right?”

