TEXT:Last night, while flying through the airspace of oft-adversarial Blackacre, Air Darcyus Flight 201 was forced to land at a rural airport because of a supposed bomb threat warning. Once the plane had landed, waiting Blackacrean police boarded and while “searching for the bomb” hastily removed two journalists who were passengers, wanted by Blackacre for writing articles critical of their totalitarian government. They were arrested, and are now in a Blackacrean jail, facing lifetime imprisonment and possible torture and execution. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “It’s nothing more than a state-sanctioned hijacking!” sobs the flight’s distraught pilot, sipping on a cup of hot cocoa. “I knew that bomb threat was bogus, but under threat of violence I had no choice but to land! Unless you want this happening again, we need an immediate, total flight ban: none of our planes in their airspace, and no more of theirs in ours either. I bet we could even persuade the rest of Isles of Codist GPTesta to follow suit.”
OPTION-1: “Flight bans?” your Air Force Chief of Staff scoffs sardonically. “Sorry to break it to you, but diplomacy isn’t going to get those journalists home. Everyone knows the first rule of war is to respond to any act of aggression with the next level of escalation. We should continue to send Darcyusian flights through their airspace, but we should ignore any direction to land, and have fighters ready to scramble near the Blackacrean border, to show we mean business!”
OPTION-2: Your office phone rings and, surprisingly, the Blackacrean foreign minister is on the other end of the line. “You lot should be thanking us! Those two repugnant terrorists — who, I should remind you, are not Darcyusian citizens and who are wanted criminals in Blackacre — are now safely behind bars, where they belong! Respect the sovereignty of our airspace, and issue a statement confirming that we were within our rights to act as we did.”
OPTION-3: “I think what the Blackacreans did is genius,” shrewdly remarks your new office intern, handing you a bulky folder of freshly printed documents. “This here is a list of every foreign journalist who has dared to write a critical piece on your benevolent regime. The ones who have flights booked over Darcyusian airspace for the next few months are highlighted, and I’ve already got the number for air traffic control saved right here on my speed dial. Just say the word; I’ll take care of the rest.”

