TEXT:Tom Hawke, a young dancer, recently collapsed with the complications of what was revealed to be anorexia nervosa while dancing in the small, televised role of ‘Boy Waiting for Pater Maxxmas’. National attention has now been drawn to the growing prevalence of eating disorders and related hospitalizations in Corathels, especially among the dance community. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Here’s some food for thought,” says psychologist Des Carter, handing you a copy of his new book <i>Cogeato Ergo Sum: I Eat, Therefore I Am</i>. “Eating disorders are growing year on year, in both male and female Corathelsians. They may be the result of low self-esteem, body dysmorphia, or can be comorbid with other psychological disorders. Due to the high morbidity, it is vital that you subsidize psychiatric in-patient treatment and prevent future eating disorders by encouraging citizens to attend government funded therapy. Now, why don’t you lie down on this couch and tell me how you feel...”
OPTION-1: “Wake up and smell the coffee!” cries Honey Hawke, mother of the collapsed teenager. “The true cause of these eating disorders is all the pressure in today’s hypercompetitive, ultra-connected world. Every member of the Corathels City Ballet <i>corps de ballet</i> has a teeny-tiny waist and skinny legs, and it’s ridiculous! My poor child felt he’d never be pretty unless he was severely underweight. Sponsor media promotions of more healthy body proportions, and ban anyone who’s simply too thin from working in sport, dance, or any role where they can be seen by vulnerable youngsters!”
OPTION-2: “Please, dar-link, this ‘healthy figure’ is so last season,” scoffs cadaverous fashion magazine editor Karla Field, covering the downy hair on her emaciated arms with her plum suit’s sleeves. “Only flabby mummies who stuff their faces with fatty snack-foods object to skinny women, because they feel inferior knowing their own beautiful bones were swallowed by layers of flesh. That’s not our problem. Women who eschew the ravages of food should be praised, not labelled mentally ill. My magazine will even fund a contest to crown <i>Miss Mosquito</i> — the thinnest, most dietetically controlled woman in Corathels — <i>and</i> provide you with something to replace that monstrosity you’re currently wearing. How about it?”
OPTION-3: “The obvious solution to eating disorders is to ensure every Corathelsian gets the right calories and nutrients,” interjects your Minister of Health, Lettuce Orbison. “And how? With a simple law requiring that every citizen eats healthily and to the exact amount required, enforced by monitoring eyes in kitchens, regulated mealtimes, government distributed shopping lists and recipes and ‘clean plate monitors’ to help everybody finish their din-dins... even if they don’t want to. As the icing on the cake, this would also allow us to prevent people from becoming overweight. Of course, it’ll require a lot of oversight, and control of the national food supply, but my department can handle it.”

