TEXT:Two days ago a series of pipe bombs in Sheep City killed two people and injured twelve more. By yesterday morning, the news was full of pictures of the perpetrator, with reporters explaining his twisted manifesto and giving the terrorist’s ideology far more exposure and media presence than he could ever have achieved without violence. Like many others, you find yourself watching an evening TV program dissecting the events of the last few days. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Boy, am I glad they caught that monster?” asks chat show host Fergus Vader hopefully rhetorically, just after airing a thirty minute segment profiling the killer. “Now... some on this panel were saying earlier that having his face and picture all over the airwaves was counter-productive. I disagree! We’re showing the public that crime doesn’t pay. It’s in the public interest, because... uh... because the public is interested! It’s also about history, and recording events for posterity. That means it’s actually the <i>duty</i> of the media to put up the names, faces, methods and manifesto of these ratings-boosting psychopaths.”
OPTION-1: “With that haircut, I’m surprised YOU aren’t the one we’re condemning,” jokes fellow panellist Lara Colbert, to thunderous audience applause. “In all seriousness though, it’s not right that we’re playing right into this terrorist’s hands, spreading his message of hate and making him a celebrity. People died, man! We should have an enforced code of conduct, asking the media to be responsible in reporting. After all, publicising an agenda of hate is the same as promoting it. Consign these killers and their whack-job thoughts to the oblivion of history where they belong.”
OPTION-2: “Why don’t you all shut up and go home?” yells a heckler from the audience. The camera pans round to show an angry red-faced fellow with a cooking apron on. “I had tickets for<i> Celebrity Corathelsian Bake-Off Factor Live</i>, and then they tell me that it’s been cancelled to make room for this stupid show. Hey, Leader, if you’re watching, ban this sort of news and documentaries, and keep TV for what it was made for... entertainment!”

