ISSUE:
1423
TEXT:
Recently, a tech firm from the United Federation used a network of computers and the latest algorithms to calculate pi to an incredible number of decimal places, smashing the previous world record by several orders of magnitude.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “We can break that United Federation record right here in Urustanguittedand, I know it!” exclaims excitable mathematician Emmanuel Drake, dancing around you with a manic look on his face. “All we need is a great big network of super-computers, with customised software, and a year or two of dedicated runtime. I’ve got some ideas for exciting new formulae that will make Chudnovsky look like a chump. I mean, what could be cooler than mathematics and computer programming?”
OPTION-1: “Look, the pursuit of a list of numbers is just academic frippery and posturing,” moans knitwear-clad structural engineer Khalida Lennon. “Even physicists don’t bother using values of pi to more than 160 decimal places, so there’s no practical purpose here. Government research and academic subsidies should be focused purely on subjects which have real-world applications and a sound case for projected economic or societal benefit. You know, like my underfunded research on drainage applications of composite 3D-printed concrete micro-structures with resin polymer interior scaffolding. It’s really fascinating stuff. Here, I wrote a paper on it...”
OPTION-2: “Nerd alert!” yells former high school quarterback turned fry chef Pericles Schultz, shoulder barging between the two previous speakers, and knocking them to the ground. “Yeah! Feel that impact! Freight train comin’ through! Y’know, the best thing to do here is not to spend money on all this geek stuff at all. School of hard knocks, that’s the lesson plan these weaklings need!” He demonstrates with his fists.
OPTION-3: “Honestly, I’ve never liked pi. It’s just so... irrational,” says Minister of Mathematical Certainty Eddie Goodwin. “Can’t we just legislate so that everybody in Urustanguittedand uses a Urustanguittedandian definition of pi? Let’s just say pi is 3.2. I mean, that’s true anyway for a given curvature of space-time. Just say 3.2, and leave it at that, eh?”

