ISSUE:
543
TEXT:
A flash mob caused a public health risk and thousands of bitcoins in damage after being directed by an online user calling himself Flashy_G. Apparently, the stunt has left the affected area suffused with a choking stench and at least six terrified onlookers have been admitted to hospital with panic attacks and nervous breakdowns. Many of those impacted are demanding you take action.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “They can’t keep getting away with this,” states Chief of Police Philip Yew calmly, eyes fixed on a slow motion playback of the incident’s CCTV footage. “This snot nosed little punk wasted an entire day’s worth of police time with unnecessary evacuations and dealing with panicking crowds. An online perpetual ID system should be used, so home-grown terrorists can’t hide behind their shrouds of anonymity.”
OPTION-1: “I thought it was pretty funny,” says Barry Yalen, an itchy-looking teenager scratching at his crotch. “All he said was that it might be droll if a couple of thousand people all showed up to the mall on Tuesday the 18th at 11:32 am and did the Lice Bucket Challenge. He never TOLD anyone to do it. Just that, you know, it’d be funny if people did! You can’t start getting mad at people for saying something would be cool. Don’t step on our freedoms, man!”
OPTION-2: “We shouldn’t infringe freedom of speech, but we need to do something,” grumbles janitor Weena English, wielding a pest-spray and mop. “As far as I’m concerned, it’s the kids who empty out buckets of bugs who need to be punished. If I told them to jump in front of a bus, would they do it? Personal responsibility is what I’m talking about - have the system sentence all two thousand of these idiots, and put them to community service making the nation a better place.”
OPTION-3: “You know the real problem is how fast Flashy_G was able to spread chaos,” observes your Minister of Memetic Warfare, carefully replacing the ink cartridge in her fountain pen. “These little online social media apps can reach hundreds of thousands of people in seconds. That’s faster than the police can act or we can counter it. This could escalate from pesky teens spreading pests, to actual mobs destroying our government. On the other hand, if we can control the flow of information, then we can control the country. My people can secretly take control of the social media sites and track down this troublemaker and any others who emerge. Then, rather than silence them, we can adjust their activities to suit our needs.”

