ISSUE:
698
TEXT:
Recently, the Sheriff of Elephant County was shot dead, seemingly without any motive. Further investigation revealed that the shooter had legally purchased a gun two days before, but had a history of severe mental illness, psychotic breaks, and paranoid delusions. Now, the process of purchasing firearms is being questioned.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0:  The shooter, Lancelot Räikkönen, swears that the killing was in self-defense, and strokes his teddy bear. “Me and Mr. Higgins here felt threatened by the police officer, so we had to defend ourselves somehow! You take away my firearms, and you’re taking away my safety! You start telling me I can’t have a gun because you don’t trust me, and  BOOM, it’s slippery slope, all the way down to absolute tyranny!” He reaches for his sidearm to shoot you down, then remembers he has been disarmed. “Oh dear, Mr. Higgins, they’re eroding our liberties. You’re right, Mr. Higgins, that’s not good at all...”
OPTION-1:  “Safety? You’re worried about your safety around the police?” asks Elephant County Deputy Sheriff Freya Wu. “We’re the police force, for goodness sake! We protect the people! There I was, observing the town, waiting for a report and enjoying a bagel, then this madman shoots the sheriff dead and takes a pot shot at me too! Look, nobody is saying that people shouldn’t be allowed guns, but isn’t it reasonable to require a background check, a review of medical records, and a gun licensing system?”
OPTION-2:  Lebron Dylan, local mall-goer and spoiled teen, offers a different solution. “Why don’t we just make a law that guns, have to be, like, really expensive? It’s not like those crazies are going to have a good job or anything. That way, only people who, like, are responsible members of society can get a gun.”
OPTION-3:  Rosalia Locke, editor of <i>Socialist Urustanguittedand Magazine</i> blows a raspberry at that idea. “What kind of nonsense is that? Letting the rich have all the power over the poor? I say that only the government is responsible enough to have access to firearms! That way, we can end capitalism and... wait, sorry, wrong proposal... I mean, we can end <i>gun crime</i> and make a safer nation!”

