TEXT:New sitcom <i>The Fastest Milkman in Mac Mand Min</i> has been surging in popularity on digital streaming service Webflix, triggering a wave of nostalgia for the “good old days” seen on the show, where milk and dairy products were delivered by neighborhood milkmen in their trusty electric-motored milk carts. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The government should make this a reality!” exclaims superfan Marisol Case, dressed in a replica uniform of the show’s main character, Arnie Cost. “We can hearken back to an era when folk could leave their doors unlocked, and neighbors actually talked to each other. Just think: milk, eggs, cream, cheese, butter and yogurt, all brought right to your front door! Plus, with all of these recyclable glass bottles and battery-powered carts, there’s got to be some environmental advantage over plastic and petrol-based distribution. With a little cash injection from the state, this is gonna be great!”
OPTION-2: “Do I even need to say how ridiculous that sounds?” asks Simon Howard, CEO of Orden Dairy. “Milk could spoil on people’s doorsteps, and lead to a public health disaster! Anyway, we don’t live in the ‘old days’ any more. People can just come to one of our stores if they need groceries, or order stuff online if they want delivery. Speaking of which, we’ve got some big ideas to increase shelf life even further, which will be good for consumer convenience, and with some subsidisation could pave the way to the milk of the future! Tell me, Leader, what do you know about synthetic proteins?”
OPTION-4: “Bah, all of this nonsense about milk curdles my stomach,” interjects anti-dairy protestor Archibald Perry, thrusting a ‘Milk is Murder’ leaflet at you. “The Milk Myth - that this filth is in any way good for you - is fabricated and perpetuated by milk lobbyists and the shadowy cabals in charge of Big Milk.  You should put government warnings on dairy products, like is often done on cartons of cigarettes, just so people know how dangerous it really is. Maybe then they’ll come to their senses and abandon the devil’s mammary ooze.”

