TEXT:Your Chief Economic Adviser, Mr. Shylock Holmes, was found dead in your office with several stab wounds in his back early this morning. A baffled Virs Timge Annche City P.D. has called in the assistance of world-renowned Lilliputian private investigator Mr. Marple to help untangle the mystery. After several hours of thorough investigation, the notoriously eccentric detective has called all the suspects to the parlour. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “You can’t possibly think it was me,” states Colonel Custard, the victim’s old business partner, while trying to hide a red stained shirtsleeve. “He and I were the best of friends. In fact, I was paying him under the table to give you terrible advice that would favour my company; why would I kill him? If anything, it was probably that harlot secretary of yours. I know for a fact they’ve been getting it on all over your desk when you leave the office. This is clearly the result of a sordid affair gone wrong; arrest that minx! And while we’re at it, throw a tiny tax break in my direction. It’s what he would’ve wanted.”
OPTION-1: “Lies, all lies!” your young secretary Miss O’Hara hisses aggressively at Col. Custard. “He was no friend of yours, or those polluting information technology facilities you have set up everywhere. He was a tender soul, and our love made him a new man; yes, with such a big heart, no wonder the old man had so much blood in him! He was going to propose cutting every one of those subsidies propping up your business, and you knew it!” O’Hara turns back to face you with crocodile tears forming in her eyes. “Leader, I demand you have that greedy phoney arrested, and then convert his corporate holdings into a series of national parks! It’s what my love would’ve wanted.”
OPTION-2: “Silence!” shouts Detective Marple, as he stops grooming his impeccable moustache in one of your antique mirrors and walks to the centre of the room. “Mon Dieu, enough with the talking of the words and the pointing of the fingers. The Great Marple hears nothing but the jibber and the jabber. The old friend, the foxy secretary; such clichés! Are any of you cold-blooded enough to have done this deed? I say, non! When you add it all up, there is really only the one solution. Only one in this room deserves to be put in the little grey cell.” The elderly detective then proceeds towards your desk, and retrieves a quite exquisite candlestick from one of your drawers. “It was you, Leader! It was you who stabbed and stabbed with the stick that holds the candles until he was no more! All out of fear for your young and dashing advisor outshining you. Take the murderer away, Chief Inspector Snickers; I am disgusted by their presence.”
OPTION-3: “Oh my Violet, this is just like the ending of ‘The Maxtopian Falcon’,” opines amateur filmmaker Professor Prune, who inexplicably appears from your closet. “You are being framed, Leader. It was the detective all along. He killed your adviser just so he could take the case and make headlines for putting you away for murder! You need to hold him responsible, and the rest of the Virs Timge Annche City P.D. too, for that matter, for being too slow to realize his ploy!”

