TEXT:The theocratic nation of Sacerdia has long been embroiled in war with one of its neighbors, and recently that neighbor has forged a strategic alliance with Blackacre, a global superpower that your nation has always had somewhat unfriendly relations with. Fearful that this will tip the balance of power against them, Sacerdia is seeking an alliance with Isles of Codist GPTesta, offering multiple favorable trade deals that would bring billions to the Darcinian economy, and long-term access to its territory for the establishment of strategically-valuable Darcinian military bases. The nation’s staunchly religious policies and culture, however, are a stark contrast to your nation’s avowed secularism. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is an offer we can’t refuse!” exclaims your giddy Minister of Foreign Affairs. “Sure, the Sacerdians might be a little nutty in their religious beliefs, but the people they’re fighting have promised to ‘wipe Isles of Codist GPTesta off the map’, or so their ambassador tells me. Not to mention that if Blackacre is expanding its influence in that region, we ought to as well! I think we can hold our noses and help them out even if it means compromising our beliefs just a little.”
OPTION-1: “We can work together, but only on a conditional basis,” replies your Minister of Secularism, resting her feet on a stack of Sacerdian holy books. “If they want our help, they need to start making some changes to their way of life. Tell them that the price of our assistance is transitioning to a secular government that respects the right to non-belief. Sacerdia is surrounded by other theocracies and fascist states, so we need to take this opportunity to instill our Darcinian and democratic values into the region.”
OPTION-2: “And you think that cesspool of a nation is going to abandon its deeply held delusions overnight?” scoffs one of your foreign policy advisers while rolling her eyes. “We’re talking about a nation that publicly executes anyone who speaks out against their religion! Their government is a lost cause — we should be helping out their people. Fund anti-theocratic dissidents, and create an underground railroad to help atheist Sacerdians escape their country. We have a moral responsibility to undermine religious tyranny.”
OPTION-3: “Bah! Who cares about some despotic hellhole in the middle of nowhere?” dismisses Beyonce Griffin, one of the top commanders in the military. “Sacerdia and its equally noxious neighbour states lack nuclear weapons, so we can just blast the whole region back to the Stone Age with no risk of retaliation. The world will breathe easier without all these fanatics troubling it!”

