ISSUE:
281
TEXT:
After receiving four-digit internet bills, the people of Corathels are demanding that a free internet service be made available by the government.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “The only way to ensure internet neutrality in Corathels is to place internet provision solely under government control,” opines Falala Sanchez, Minister of Telecommunications. “My ministry has been trying to reel in the unfair practices of these companies for ages, and now public sentiment is on our side. With an internet free of ‘premium access’ and content discrimination, Corathels will be the envy of Isles of Codist GPTesta. Unfortunately, since providing free access would be enormously expensive, we’ll have to increase taxes slightly... but isn’t that a small price to pay?”
OPTION-1: High school principal Klaus Assange says, “The last time I checked, one of the purposes of the Corathels government was to provide a decent education for our children. More and more students are turning to online services as a way to accelerate their schooling. Online courses offer a wide range of education in academics and work-related skills. But not all my students have the internet, and there’s certainly no commercial incentive to lay down lines in farmland. The government needs to step in and provide a free internet for these students. Invest in our future!”
OPTION-2: “Oh for the love of Violet...” bemoans conservative columnist Rebecca Garrison. “The government has proven time and time again that it destroys everything it touches. Do you want your internet to be slow? Do you want to be taxed up the wazoo, thanks to government inefficiency? I sure don’t. Just let the market handle this for once. While you’re at it, take the money you would have used on this worthless endeavour and give your citizens a well-deserved tax refund instead.”
OPTION-3: “Considering the absurd regulations we have to put up with, it’s no wonder we have to charge so much for our internet service,” says Zain Medina of Corathels Speedy Internet Co. “Safety guidelines, minimum access mandates. If the government would get rid of all these regulations, we could lay down lines for less dollars, and pass the savings down to the consumers. This problem isn’t our fault: it’s yours.”

