ISSUE:
452
TEXT:
Video coverage of a protest outside of an abortion clinic has gone viral after the footage indicated that pro-life campaigners prevented ingress of pregnant women, causing the patients visible distress. In response, the Womyn’s Liberation League has pushed for a bill that it says would protect access to clinics.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Passing this bill would be an important step in protecting a woman’s right to choose,” testifies the Womyn’s Liberation League’s spokesperson Sophie Quayle. “The fact of the matter is that these protesters are obstructing women as they try to exercise a basic human right. When someone wants to terminate a pregnancy, the law ought to be on her side. Making abortion legal was a good first step, but we need to go further to secure these women’s safety. Anti-abortion activists ought to be required to stand in designated areas far away from the clinics they’re protesting.”
OPTION-1: “What about the right to free speech?” pleads Yasmin Wood, lawyer for the pro-life activists depicted in the footage. “These are public spaces, and my clients should have the freedom, as well as the ability, to get their views across. You may disagree with them, but it would be draconian for the government to prohibit their citizens from revealing to people the truth about any medical procedure they are getting.”
OPTION-2: “The truth is that these abortion mills are killing thousands of children every year,” cries Bartholomeus Duras, a local curate and youth worker. “The government must defend the rights of the unborn - they too are entitled to protection under the law - and ban this immoral practice immediately. Anything less is permitting murder.”
OPTION-3: “Oppressor!” screams militant antitheist Hyrum Little, pointing at the last speaker. “A bunch of middle-aged, celibate men refusing to allow women to have control over their own bodies - all these barbarians are doing is peddling their outdated misogyny, and I’m tired of it. The only way we’ll make any real social progress is to put a stop to their hatemongering entirely. I insist that the whole anti-abortion movement be outlawed with stiff penalties for religious anti-choice advocates.”

