ISSUE:
834
TEXT:
Earlier this week, several people were sickened by carbon monoxide poisoning while waiting in a long line at a government office in downtown Corathels City. Fortunately, nobody was killed, but the incident has prompted calls for the government to install carbon monoxide detectors in its buildings and better regulate safety standards.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “The government should be thanking its lucky stars that there were no permanent injuries,” notes government lawyer Rosalia Ono, relieved that nobody has decided to sue yet. “In order to abate public outcry, we need to make sure this doesn’t happen again. We must install carbon monoxide detectors in every single government building in Corathels, and provide government employees with the proper safety training. It may be a bit of an expense, but surely that beats a class action lawsuit, yes?”
OPTION-1: “Why stop at government buildings? These detectors should be installed everywhere!” enthuses your worrywort Public Safety Minister, after checking the various detectors in your office. “We need to install these detectors in schools, places of business, and even people’s homes. Carbon monoxide is a threat that needs to be taken seriously. Some people may not like this being mandatory, but safety knows no price tag. After all, people spend hundreds of dollars on home security systems. The only thing that’s different is that we’re offering this free of charge.”
OPTION-2: “Oh, I’m sure this time the government will be able to fix another problem it created,” sneers anti-government conspiracy theorist Agnieszka Vega, setting off your sarcasm detector. “The last thing we need is the government going into people’s homes and installing these things. For all we know you’re planting listening devices in them! If the people want these detectors, they’ll go out and buy them themselves. This is just government finding excuses to feed their own bloated bureaucracy. How about the government sticks its big nose out of things for once?”
OPTION-3: “Sounds like the problem is the buildings, not some gas,” chimes in contractor Dick Cooper. “Have you seen the state of some of these buildings? The Public Affairs building is older than you are! We need to tear down these decrepit monstrosities and replace them with new technological marvels that can eliminate poisonous gasses before they’re a threat! Will it be expensive and inconvenient? Yes, but think of how fancy and safe your new office will be!”

