TEXT:Chaos erupted in the capital this weekend when thousands flocked to the city center in hopes of acquiring one of the few recently available apartment spaces in all of Dreamtown. Fighting quickly ensued, sending hundreds to the hospital. Afterwards, footage emerged of you watching the all-out brawl from your office window while eating popcorn. With public outcry mounting, you furtively lick your buttery fingers clean and wonder how to best handle this housing situation. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: An architect, who coincidentally also built your office, suddenly leaps into the room from a hidden passageway you never knew existed. “Dreamcatcher, there’s a simple solution to this conundrum: abolish any and all height restrictions on our buildings. Just picture it, apartment complexes hundred of stories tall with radio antennae that bedeck the sky in Gablickloo Snoyssyian architectural glory. Chip in a few extra Zeds, and we can even make some floating palaces while we’re at it!”
OPTION-1: “Why go up when you can go down?” posits miner Piers ‘Mole’ Molière after digging up through your floorboards. “Just put us pitmen and hauliers to the task, and we can dig out a fully-functional, subterranean wonderland in no time at all. Not to mention, we’ll no longer have to fear aerial attacks or sunburns again! If naysayers and dissidents don’t like being made to live underground, just lock the access tunnels and the problem solves itself.”
OPTION-2: “What’s all this nonsense I hear from afar?” exclaims Genghis Cesar Bonaparte, your Minister of Historical Reenactments, while charging into the room upon his armored steed. He plants a flag upon your desk and proclaims, “My territory now! Anyway, the really obvious solution to your problem is to eliminate housing deeds and rental agreements in Dreamtown. Simply take what abode pleases you... and if any pesky ‘owner’ stands in your way, fight them like how our warring and wayfaring ancestors of old did.” He then rips up a copy of the city’s bylaws and scoffs, “Who cares about all this legal mumbo-jumbo anyway?”

