ISSUE:
1576
TEXT:
One of your senior government ministers recently missed a speaking engagement at an important conference due to a delay caused by having a small bottle of water tucked in a carry-on bag at the airport. A horde of soi-disant policy wonks has intercepted you as you step off a plane, shouting their proposals to overhaul the complicated system of checks and restrictions at airport security.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “The problem, Leader, is that we’re stuck being reactionary,” sighs security manager Paris Kane, after filling out the paperwork for her 74th water bottle seizure of the day. “We’re always adding new policies after a threat has been discovered, but we never get rid of policies when they’re no longer needed. Liquids used to be a problem, because some explosives resemble water, but we have the detection technology now to make such measures redundant. Pay for airports to have CT luggage scanners, threat analysis based on machine learning, and other cutting-edge technologies. That will keep those lines moving!”
OPTION-1: “If we reduce restrictions, the terrorists win!” bellows hawkish legislator Wolfgang Reagan, grabbing the water bottle and eyeing it suspiciously. “Terrorism thrives on fear, not actual effects! How does John Q. Public know what’s in this? How does Susie Homemaker feel if we let unknown items on planes? Things like our liquid ban both ensure citizens feel safe, and act as visible deterrents that discourage terrorist actions. As a matter of fact, I think another couple restrictions might help us show the public how much we care!”
OPTION-2: “It’s not a liquid, it’s water!” retorts your brother, ignoring confused looks and taking a sip to make his point. “If water’s the problem, you should just make an exception so security doesn’t need to worry about it. If a passenger says it’s water, have them take a drink to show it’s harmless and let them be on their way. Oh, that case from the duty-free store? Don’t worry, that’s all just water. Here, I’ll prove it!”
OPTION-3: “Seems to me that the real problem is all these carry-on bags,” offers flight attendant Cleveland Yates, shuddering as a passenger trundles past with a large rollaboard. “Security lines would be a breeze if you just prohibited passengers from carrying all these unsafe items like suitcases, laptops, and purses. If they need a drink while on the plane, we’ll be happy to sell them water at a reasonable mark-up, all government-screened and taxed, of course!”

