ISSUE:
1192
TEXT:
When bored Brancalandian schoolchild Rochelle Thiesen was playing on her computer, she accidentally found her way into the Ara Suwanstan Armed Forces Internal Database. While playing, she promoted a janitor to Admiral of the Fleet, sent the warmongering General Agatha Chekov to bombard the Skandilundian border with two dozen tanks and changed the military’s motto to ‘Rochelle Rulez 4eva’.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This little brat has cost us hundreds of manhours of work fixing all her mischief,” roars the hastily recalled General Chekov as the Navy’s newest Admiral quietly mops the floor beside her. “We need to demand that wretched little monster be extradited here — to the country harmed by her shenanigans — to face punishment. A suitably punitive sentence should set the little villain straight!” 
OPTION-1: “We are heartily sorry that one of our citizens changed the Army’s uniform to tutus, wellington boots and visibility jackets,” says Brancalandian Home Secretary Denethor Hyde. “We understand the girl committed a crime and we’re willing to see that she gets an appropriate punishment, but extradition isn’t needed. Our Brancalandian Young Offenders’ Rehabilitative Centres will see to it that she learns the error of her ways. Also she’ll be taught the three ‘M’s: Mindfulness, Meditation, and Maplewood carving.”
OPTION-2: “How can you be so heartless? She’s just a little girl!” cries the child’s mother Ms. Thiesen, over videolink, wringing out a dripping handkerchief. “She thought she was playing a war simulator, and didn’t realise that she was actually inside the government mainframe. Leave children to be disciplined by their parents. I’ll give her a good talking-to.”
OPTION-3: “Punish her? We should thank her!” declares Captain Judi Popov, of the Cyber Crimes Division. “She managed to get past an encrypted system without even trying. If she can, Blackacre can. We should pay her to test our systems, and see how many flaws she can uncover.”
OPTION-4: “Maybe we’re taking home the wrong lesson here,” timorously offers Admiral Nikolai Wildish, putting his mop down to address all assembled. “I don’t think I’d make a bad admiral, actually. Maybe senior military and government positions ought to be selected randomly as a matter of course. Sortition has a lot of advantages, you know — you’ll finally get to hear the voice of the working classes!”

