TEXT:After several dozen citizens were hospitalized due to drinking from a contaminated batch of moonshine, the people have been at loggerheads over who should have the right to manufacture and distribute spirituous beverages in Ara Suwanstan. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Let’s be realistic here,” says Isaac Wildish, President of the Manufacturing Alliance of Liquor Traders. “These home operations simply do not have the training, the experience, the equipment, or the political connections to be permitted to make their own whiskey! It’s all well and good that they talk about freedom, but the members of my association paid good money for their manufacturing licenses, and we maintain the highest standards of quality and purity. The government needs to protect us! People must not be allowed to make their own booze at home.”
OPTION-2: “This isn’t just some kind of bathtub gin we’re talking about,” says devoted distiller Moiraine Dodinas, while reviewing the print roll from her storage cellar’s hygrothermograph. “These are artisanal, maker-made, environmentally responsible, non-GMO, craft products that are far better than anything put out by those big-name distilleries! You can taste the difference! If some unscrupulous individual lets heavy metals leech in, or adds something unsafe, that’s not the fault of we connoisseurs! The government needs to back off, and give us all the liberty to make what we want in the privacy of our own homes!”
OPTION-4: “The bracing effect of a strong drink is absolutely top-notch for getting through the day!” opines Ebrius Foppington, a bearded gentleman wearing a top hat and monocle. “Why, I myself have several such drinks each morning, noon, and night! It helps keep the humors in balance, and makes socializing quite rather more tolerable. Really, we ought to require that everybody over the age of ten make their own suds, and partake regularly to ensure they don’t become phlegmatic. Bottoms up!”
OPTION-5: “Home distilling and compulsory drinking?” shrieks Citizens Against Drinking activist Thundu LeCarré, clutching his heart dramatically. “What kind of horrifying nightmare world are you trying to create? Did you know that, according to the Department of Made-Up Statistics, 47.2% of all crime is related to alcohol? Are you trying to increase that number? What Ara Suwanstan needs is to remove alcohol not just from our homes, but from the whole nation! Enact prohibition - there can be no exceptions!”

