TEXT:The dreaded Rubellan Measles has made a sudden comeback in Ara Suwanstan. The disease, which once killed millions, was thought to be wiped out after a vaccine was discovered fifty years ago. Medical professionals blame a recent anti-vaccination movement, which has turned immunization into a political football. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I’m not going to allow my babies to become slaves to Big Pharma!” bemoans parent and prominent anti-vaxxer Sun Kokernot. “Did you know that vaccines can cause autism and stunt a child’s development? I can show you several studies that say so! These pharmaceutical companies are even putting nanobots in their vaccines! Nanobots! It is the right of every parent to determine what is best for their children.”
OPTION-1: “Please. Those so-called studies are nothing but hokum,” counters your physician, Doctor Beth Romero, while checking your heartbeat with a stethoscope. “Vaccines save lives every single day. If it weren’t for vaccines, Rubellan Measles would have killed off half of Ara Suwanstan’s population by now! There is absolutely no correlation between autism and vaccinations. Any scientist or doctor worth their degree will tell you that. If anything, we should make vaccinations mandatory for the health and well-being of Ara Suwanstanians across the nation.” The doctor snaps on a rubber glove. “Now, let’s hurry this up. Cough, please.”
OPTION-2: “I agree, but we also need to send a message to these awful anti-vaxxer parents,” states child psychologist Gawain Adams. “Not only are these parents putting their children in danger by refusing to vaccinate them, they are putting all of society in danger. Do you really want to have an outbreak of Rubellan Measles in Ara Suwanstan’s schools and daycares? I didn’t think so. I recommend giving these parents a short jail sentence and banning their children from education until they’re vaccinated. Sure, some people will complain about this being a violation of their rights as parents, but surely the health and safety of children trumps those concerns?”
OPTION-3: “You know, we wouldn’t have these problems if the population was more scientifically aware,” muses amateur scientist Lucina Ford while pouring a vial of green liquid into a vial of purple liquid. “Movements like these are bred from ignorance and misinformation. If the government took an active role in promoting science and education this problem would go away. You could invest in real scientific studies and programs, make science classes mandatory in schools, and arrest any religious nuts who attempt to disrupt our work. Ara Suwanstan would enter a new Golden Age!” The vials of liquid suddenly explode, covering your office with smoke and an unusually colored foam.

