TEXT:After a hectic work week, you were finally due some time off for a nice Sunday brunch with your family. But as you were waiting for your TurboLux 3000 Toaster to toast your bread, it started frantically buzzing and rattling, finally popping out two slices of bread burnt like charcoal. Worse still, your mother purchased the kitchen appliance for you only 366 days ago, and its warranty expired yesterday. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Oh, sweetie, I know it is exasperating when an electrical appliance gives up the ghost too soon!” your mum laments, while she pours you tea. “Yesterday our coffee machine broke, too. You know, when I was a young and dazzling girl, everything was made to last for a lifetime. You remember my sewing machine? It was a gift from my sister, and it still works like I bought it yesterday! You should make it so that all products have to have a lifetime warranty, darling. I’m sure manufacturers would do their best to produce durable stuff, then.”
OPTION-1: “No! Terrible idea!” sputters your uncle, one of the company directors of TurboLux Household Appliances, spewing out his tea onto his croissant. “If you extend the warranties, people will just break their stuff on purpose to get cutting-edge new devices. I think we would fare far better if you abolished warranty requirements altogether. Why should my company give people free replacements just because they were too lazy or too stupid to read the user manual and ended up breaking their stuff? Present company excepted, of course.”
OPTION-2: “The problem is capitalism. Now take a look at this beauty!” exclaims Carlo Max, who claims to be a distant cousin of yours, as he struggles to lift a massive metal box onto the dining table. “My East-Lebatuck-made toaster has been working for three decades now! Obsolescence, be it planned or fashion-based, is a symptom of a throw-away society wriggling in the merciless grip of consumerism. How about you hand over the production of all goods to the State? Without the need for greed, the State will make everything to last.”

