TEXT:Ever since Sascvencha heard about Danni Ballerini, the cheery young woman reported as having Helen Burns’ Disease (often known as Ill Girl Syndrome for its variety of vague and ultimately fatal symptoms), the nation has rallied around her with emotional support and monetary donations. Unfortunately, it has now been revealed that Danni, “the pride of Sascvencha, who never gave up hope”, never had the disease. Instead, she was suffering from mental health delusions where she believed she had the terminal illness, but actually only ever needed anti-psychotic medications. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “She lied to us all along!” huffs your Deputy Minister of Health, who had personally donated more than one thousand Dollars to send the patient and her family on a five-star all-inclusive vacation to swim with porpoises at a tropical East Calypso resort. “I expect her pallor and spots were just flour and food colouring, painted on every morning! It was all a twisted plot to extract money. Anyone who exploits our kindness with cruel falsehoods must be charged with fraud, and punished to the maximum extent that the law allows.”
OPTION-1: “This young woman is clearly disturbed and needs our understanding, not punishment,” sighs psychiatrist and popular author Dr. Noah Gilligan, handing you a signed copy of ‘<i>Thanks for the Memories</i>’, his lay-manual on hippocampus function. “She is clearly experiencing genuine and unresolved psychological issues, which caused her to manifest somatic biomedical symptoms. How would punishing her help her feel safe and cared-for? We must oblige her to join us in a secure and comfortable clinic where I’ll apply my patented diagnostic and therapeutic methods to unweave the dynamics behind this disorder.”
OPTION-2: “This all arose because people give money to these fly-by-night anybodies,” says Tamara Mistletoe of the Quebecan Relief Organisation. “All it takes is for them to set up a <i>GimmeCash</i> page, and they can collect as much as they like. People fall for these hard-luck stories of plucky Quebecans and want to donate. You should ban private collections. If people are genuinely afflicted and need money, let them come to a proper Quebecan charity, where their claims can be fully vetted. They just have to ask and they shall receive, as much as they truly need. Talking of which...” She rattles a collection tin.
OPTION-4: “Now, correct me if I’m wrong,” scoffs Björk Sulu, proudly vaunting her homemade <i>Charity Muggers, Sod Off</i> badge, “but I’m sure she did nothing wrong. She saw an opportunity; she went for it. So some bleeding-hearts thought she was really sick. Guess what, people lie! Any strategy that redistributes excess wealth to the proletariat is fair game. If people don’t keep their hands on their own money, if they’re stupid enough to give it to someone plastered in stage make-up, then that’s their lookout.”

