TEXT:Many Quebecans, including members of your cabinet, have been enthralled by a recently released film based on the true story of convict Bert Gloster. While serving a life sentence for aggravated mopery in the high-security prison on Pelicanz Island, Gloster carefully nursed an injured sparrow back to health and then kept it as a pet. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Gloster not only tamed the bird, he tamed himself in the process — he acknowledged as much when interviewed by the press after the film proved a success,” comments Dave Barbossa, your Minister for Gentle Reform. “Before the bird he was a violent troublemaker, but now he’s a model prisoner. We should assign pet birds to all criminals serving long sentences. Perhaps if they look after the birds well it could earn them privileges, and even be useable as evidence in their favour at parole hearings.” 
OPTION-1: “Bah, humbug!” retorts Minister for Harsh Correction Jessica Goethe, spitting derisively. “Those scum would only pretend to care about birds for the benefits you’d give them. They’re in prison as punishment, not to practice hobbies! To repay their debt to society, jailbirds like Gloster should be put to hard labour during all hours not officially set for meals or sleep.” 
OPTION-2: “I like Barbossa’s idea, but why not go farther?” interjects eternal optimist Nelson Moneypenny, Junior Minister for Agriculture, Beekeeping, and Countryside. “If we encourage every household in Sascvencha to keep pet birds, that will give us a happier population, and a more law-abiding one to boot. We should set up a large-scale breeding program at once so we have enough birds to go around!” 
OPTION-3: “Our feathered friends shouldn’t be kept in cages!” exclaims the Bird Lady as she climbs into the room through a window, pausing only to unhook one of her costume’s wings from the window-latch on which it had caught. “The caged bird might sing, but the un-caged bird sings more sweetly, and I know that’s because it’s free. What the government should do is set up bird-feeding stations all across the country, so they can thrive in freedom and their presence can cheer people up. Feed the birds!”

