TEXT:Religious attendance has hit rock bottom and many formerly thriving houses of faith are now abandoned. City planners have called a meeting to discuss the topic and, to their surprise, more people came to the meeting than to all religious services in the last year combined. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “You know what would be really cool?” asks your nephew’s hip best friend. “If you’d turn all of these structures into something meaningful, like skate parks! These buildings are virtually perfect for half-pipes all along the halls! Can you think of any better place to do some sick flips than in a repurposed temple? And there would be some health benefits for young people, right?”
OPTION-1: “Mind your manners!” snaps a grey-haired woman in a lab coat as she slams a ruler on the skater’s head. “For centuries, houses of worship were epicenters of indoctrination and persecution. What could be more fitting than to turn them into beacons of knowledge? These structures would certainly be a good place to expand Cooperate Ziggurat University’s library. Furthermore, I can think of at least a dozen colleagues who are looking for a place to run a lab in.”
OPTION-2: “Instead of wasting them on mad scientists, why don’t we turn these spaces into affordable housing?” suggests Carmen Tolkien, parent of three. “With an ever-growing population, it is only a question of time until we run into a serious overcrowding problem! We cannot waste empty buildings for anything else but living quarters for those who need them.”
OPTION-3: “It pains my heart to see our community shrink so much,” sighs Brother Obinze Chicago. “I agree that we don’t need a house of worship on every corner nowadays, but let us at least keep some that remain. If we turn some of them into multi-faith community centers, we might even get some rows filled again.”
OPTION-4: “Multi-faith community centers? Skate parks and blasphemers in our holy halls? Are you out of your minds?” screams religious fundamentalist Marjorie James. “You have left this country in the hands of the sinners for far too long! You have brought us upon the path of damnation, but it is not too late to repent! Make religious services mandatory and this problem will solve itself in less time than I need to describe the Creator’s glory.”
OPTION-5: “Just bulldoze ‘em all,” wheezes middle-aged construction worker Sipho Preisner whilst coughing into a stained handkerchief. “Y’all are talking about repurposing buildings, whilst I see prime real estate being wasted. Tear ‘em down, sell the land, and build whatever the new developers want there.”

