TEXT:The problem of ‘academic doping’ has reared its head after a group of students were caught taking ‘smart’ drugs ahead of high school exam season. An alliance of concerned educators, anti-drug crusaders, and C-grade students have demanded an end to this practice to make sure that Ataidoisesta’s youth don’t become a generation of cheaters. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “These students are doping themselves up to the gills in the hope it’ll improve their academic performance,” explains Student Union Vice-President for Welfare Sasha Griffin, while hurriedly trying to finish an assignment. “However noble their intentions, the reality is that they’re abusing drugs. We need the government to fund an education and outreach program, warning of the dangers and offering counselling and therapy. Outreach and therapy will solve this problem more than blunt law enforcement ever will.”
OPTION-1: “Education and outreach? How about I demonstrate some outreach with my truncheon!” screams the Head of Narcotics Control Angela Murdoch, accidentally knocking over a plant pot while demonstrating. “I don’t care what they’re studying: these kids are junkies and derelicts, and we need to clamp down on them. We need strong enforcement, including random drug testing, strip searches, and sniffer dogs in exam halls! Just give us the go - and the money.”
OPTION-4: “Please, show a little compassion. C-O-M-P-A-S-S-I-O-N. Compassion!” pleads national spelling champion Emile Thawne, while frantically chewing his nails and twitching uncontrollably. “I have to concentrate if I’m going to get into a top university, and if a little pill can help me, then why shouldn’t it be my choice? Some students guzzle coffee or munch chocolates, and those are much worse for their health. Cracking down on academic doping would only be punishing those who want to perform well. That would be counterproductive. C-O-U-N-T...”
OPTION-5: “Why have exams at all? Everyone knows that they’re a waste of everybody’s time,” admits visibly stressed out teacher Edna Crandall, knocking back a handful of nicotine-replacement lozenges. “In fact, do we really need a proper curriculum to follow? Schools and teachers should be able to teach whatever they think is relevant. This can be learning a new language or the intricacies of soap opera love triangles. The schools would save some cash, and it would make my job much easier too.”

