TEXT:Following the release of hit mobile game Maxémon Woah, which requires players to walk around in order to find mythical creatures, many of Chavoldosperbien’s pedestrians have been hit by unseen vehicles in an effort to snatch ‘em all. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “These are needless tragedies!” complains your concerned Public Safety Minister, angrily smacking your phone out of your hands, and denying you the ultra-rare Lenyutwo you were about to snatch. “Hundreds of people have already been hurt and we had our first death just last week, all just to get some virtual monster thing! I won’t begin to get into all the trespassing charges that have been filed!” She continues her tirade as you pick up your phone and manage to snatch a Slowbrophyllia Raticalia. “This game is a disaster waiting to happen! At the very least, prohibit the use of the game within urban areas.”
OPTION-1: “Not even then are we truly safe!” preaches Carmen Elgar, a belligerent religious leader who previously accused you of colluding with demons. “That ‘game’ is nothing short of the work of the damned, what with the conjuring of cyber demons in our beautiful nation! Have you even looked at a Sedgetoise? It’s clearly modeled after the devil, and the Amorlax represents a forbidden depiction of the archangel! Did you know that you have to evolve them? In the name of all that is holy, forbid this Maxey-Pokey-Heresy!”
OPTION-2: “Ah, the game is just some harmless fun,” retorts Hamlet Love, the director of the Barrysonian Museum of Political History. “Ever since we started advertising as a Maxéstop, we’ve had record attendance. Our visitors have been putting aside their differences to catch their Gnejgars, Sleepypuffs, and Clefrissies. In fact, we really ought to be using this game to get people interested in politics and history again. Start putting Maxéstops and Maxégyms at archives, museums, and educational centers. Maxémon will bring everyone together, provided you’re on Team Insightful of course.”
OPTION-3: Out of the corner of your eye, a teenager wearing a bright red tracksuit and visor climbs in through your window. “Absolutely we should encourage people to play, and make sure it’s safe for...wait a second...” He swipes his phone, not having looked up since he entered. “Sorry about that. I’m Dash Snatchum, and in order to be the very best, I gotta divert all of my attention! You should just make a whole lot more stop signs and streetlights so we can get to those Noqorans and Charchivemanders faster! After all, you gotta snatch ‘em all!”

