TEXT:In what has become the latest cultural controversy to strike Darcyus, the highly anticipated series finale of the long-running fantasy cartoon show <i>Time Adventure</i> saw two of the protagonist’s main male companions share a brief, romantic kiss, confirming a decade’s worth of rumors surrounding their relationship. Since this is nominally a children’s show, your office was soon animated by a cast of opinionated characters that is nearly as colorful as the ones seen on screen. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “C’mon, grab your friends!” shouts Cora Sami, hustling a group dressed in various pieces of medieval paraphernalia to the front. “I KNEW IT! Nobody believed me when I said Prince Marcel and Bon Bon the Vampire King were dating! The other fans called me all sorts of nasty, homophobic names for years, which only proves we ought to have greater queer representation in our media! And not just the occasional peck on the cheek to queerbait folk like us — people of all ages need to see that these kinds of couples are just as healthy and ordinary as those in straight relationships, thereby normalizing them in everyday life. If you could subsidize the production of more high-quality, queer-friendly shows, you’d be just as heroic as Finnegan when he realizes that all he needs to defeat Glod is the power of song!”
OPTION-1: “What is she even talking about? This is a show designed for KIDS. Is everyone ignoring that?” screeches househusband and parental rights activist Steve Conley, swaddling an infant as he desperately tries to pull his son away from the horde of cosplayers. “Kids cannot be exposed to sexuality — and I mean ANY sexuality, gay or straight — at such a young age! It’s absolutely indecent. What adults do with their own time is their own business, but marketing a colorful cartoon show directly to kids, and then adding in that sort of sexual content... it’s practically propaganda! You should set up a government review board for all media to keep smut out of the hands of our youth.”
OPTION-4: “None of these fools see the true value in this cartoon: a dystopian call to action!” babbles your advisor, Kat Tradora, drawing a series of mushroom clouds on your walls in crayon. “<i>Time Adventure</i> takes place in a post-apocalyptic reality where weapons of mass destruction have practically made all human life extinct! Hence all of the vampires and kingdoms made of candy and whatever... but never mind all of this other talk! We need to make certain that if such an eventuality is ever reached, we’re ready for it! I’m talking bunkers, countermeasures, and, you guessed it, a massive thermonuclear weapons stockpile. Let these moral crusaders fight the culture war — there are real wars to be won!”

