TEXT:Due to a mix-up at the border, a number of immigrants have been sent backward, downward, upward and sideways to various detention centres across Ara Suwanstan. In the midst of the confusion, several thousand children have been separated from their parents. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Look, these migrants have <i>clearly</i> violated the law! Clearly!” says your Head of Immigration Blanket Atwood, as he closely inspects the stamps on your passport. “Not only did they cross the border <i>illegally</i>, but then they have the gall to ask for citizenship. Sure, the children may not enjoy being separated from their parents, but that’s what they get for breaking the law! If it was national policy for illegal immigrants to be treated as the criminals they are, to have their kids taken away, far fewer of them would come to our country. Guaranteed.” He runs out of your office to pursue a worker with a Marche Noirian accent.
OPTION-1: “Seriously?” gasps Charlotte Gates, who just got out of her latest therapy session with her eight-year-old child. “Look at my little Llywelyn. He was separated from me at the Ara Suwanstanian border, taken away the moment I asked for asylum. He spent so many months in that state facility that he can hardly talk in Bigtopian, and he keeps trying to arrest the other young children in the playground! You must end this cruel immigration policy immediately. Your country needs more migrant workers, Leader, and my boy needs his mother. A child should never be separated from their parent!”
OPTION-2: “The whole immigration system is a joke!” says the proudly neutral lobbyist Neutron Neutralson, who changed his name from Hayao-Akira Hendrikson to prove a point. “Separating children from parents? Putting immigrants in jail? Deporting migrants back to the wrong country? Here’s what we do: hire more staff and do more checks for undocumented migrants at the border. Just ask questions every Ara Suwanstanian can answer and get proof of residency. If they are here illegally, send them straight back as a family. It’s not hard to balance compassion with efficacy, for crying out loud!” He sighs exasperatedly as your Head of Human Services sits in the corner, literally crying out loud.

