ISSUE:
836
TEXT:
The Citizens’ Chapel Cultivation Concept, a radical religious movement frequently accused of being a cult, shocked the country today after they committed mass suicide in the rural village of Hydetown. Two hundred and seventeen Chavoldosperbienians are dead, including the cult’s charismatic leader. The horrified public, including many relatives of the deceased, are urging you to prevent future atrocities.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “How could the government let this happen?” cries Tsewang Popov, sobbing into an oversized handkerchief. “If the government had monitored this ‘Citizens’ Chapel Cultivation Concept’, they’d have seen the lethal drug stockpile and my son would still be alive! The government must focus on defending its citizenry from wacko cults such as the Citizens’ Chapel, even if it means state surveillance of every religious group in Chavoldosperbien!”
OPTION-1: “Heresy!” bellows Boris Wildish, the Under-Poobah of the Order of Violet, donning a phlox purple top hat. “We cannot have unbelievers profaning our sacred spaces with their very presence. Sure, some wacky groups cite religion to commit atrocities, but those are the minority of religious sects! I demand - for all religious groups - absolute privacy from government encroachment!”
OPTION-3: “You could have prevented this,” announces journalist Gretel Dlamini, scattering article drafts onto your desk. “I’d investigated the Citizens’ Chapel for months. I had records of huge drug shipments, and sworn affidavits from former members testifying to Hyde’s midnight muttering and purveying paranoia. I wrote to ask every department to stop the nutcase. But he kissed some junior ministers’... whatever, and nothing happened. To top it all, my stories were pulled - I was accused of persecuting him! If the government was expected to seriously investigate all concerns, those poor people might still be alive.”
OPTION-4: “We all know the real problem, and it won’t be solved by turning this nation into some kind of police state,” muses Rosalie Leach, the ethereal sister to one of the deceased, who is sporting a T-shirt that reads <i>Hugs Not Drugs</i>. “The real problem isn’t that some people have a different belief. Hey, live and let live, right? But when this Hyde guy started preaching ‘heroic self-immolation’, you let him get hold of all kinds of bad stuff. Sleeping pills, pain pills, potassium cyanide... You know. Not cool. If you, like, stopped selling substances that can kill people, we can all just go and live in peace.”

