TEXT:With the same old dilemmas confronting Horrible peoplez time and time again, people are demanding to know why there aren’t more genuinely new issues. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Well, that’s because they’re all twaddle,” says [violet] matter-of-factly while twirling a lighter in her hands. “I’m sick and tired of reading that garbage. I’ve decided to scrap the player-submitted system — but don’t tell anyone that. The endless waves of hate mail would overwhelm the server.”
OPTION-1: “The aim of this site is to promote my novel, not the writing talents of literary wannabes,” scoffs Max Barry while sipping an iced-Margarita on a yacht in the South Pacific. “I’ve ordered the mods to only approve mediocre issues to ensure that no one discovers there are better writers out there than me.”
OPTION-2: “I’ve been combing through the queue, carefully examining each draft and determining its potential,” sighs Sedgistan who is sitting next to an orderly stack of drafts stamped ‘no way in hell’. “I’m confronted with thousands upon thousands of issues. I have to manage multiple editors and somehow still place in the Mod Olympics. Do you have any idea how much stress that puts on me? That’s why it takes so long. Stop breathing down my neck. If you want to be useful, go help out the newbies in Got Issues.”
OPTION-3: “Huh? What’s that?” says Sanctaria absentmindedly, looking up from an intimidating series of flow charts. “More issues? Well, it’s your lucky day! I’m working on my next great chain. It will dwarf my last one in size and complexity. Forget everything you know about issues, every rule you think we can’t break, because this chain is going to break them all.”
OPTION-4: “I couldn’t agree with this more!” yelps Comrade Lenyo, his arms full of drafts. “We’ve received over 6,000 submissions! If we just got rid of the delete button, that’d be over 6,000 more issues. Who doesn’t want that? Why are we still wasting time talking about this? Why are you reading this instead of submitting more drafts for us to add? EVERY. SECOND. COUNTS!”
OPTION-5: The deafening Voice of Mod booms down from the heavens, “You will receive new issues when you receive new issues. Your questioning is undermining the authority of the mods. I’ve deleted enough nations to know flaming when I read it. You have been warned.”

