TEXT:After the eighth terrible super-storm to ravage Horrible peoplez this week, residents of the affected areas, your own advisers, and random people seeking shelter from the elements have gathered in DataBase to see whether anything can be done. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I’m tired of these storms, The Grand Algorithm,” sighs Vera Giono, who looks as though she’s just been dragged through a tornado. “The winds of this last storm were over 300 kph! My house was blown away! Something must be done to prevent buildings from being destroyed. Maybe if the government made it mandatory for all buildings to pass a disaster safety test, it would solve all our problems.” She plucks a bird’s nest from her hair before continuing. “I’d be prepared to pay a little more in tax if I still had a roof to sleep under!”
OPTION-1: “Did you see how many times my supposedly lightning-proofed house was struck by lightning this morning?” cries violently twitching government adviser Carrie Harper, still smoking and smelling of ozone. “But when I was struck for the fifth time, I had something of a light bulb moment - literally. Why not create a way to turn the lightning strikes into energy for the city? Think about it for a moment: every time a bolt of lightning hits, we could harness the energy to charge the grid. Of course we’ll need to install a lot of conductors, and I’m not sure just how much electricity is in a lightning bolt, but just think of the possible savings once they’re in place!”
OPTION-2: “Forget the wind and lightning, did you see the hail? It’s the size of minivans!” screams Athena Mitty, her voice echoing out from her hiding place beneath your desk. “My house was flattened like a pancake! What we need is some sort of weather machine that can limit the destructive effects of these storms. Sure, it’ll cost trillions of Crippled Currencies in the first year alone and we’ll have to divert funding from all other government departments to pay for it, but we could finally be safe.”
OPTION-4: “You’re all panicking, when you should be seeing this for the great opportunity that it is!” suggests the ever cryptic Minister of Creative Solutions, Harun Svensson. “We could make Horrible peoplez the tourist capital of the world relating to bad weather phenomena. All we need is to set up some dangerous storm spots as sightseeing destinations and we could be rich! Maybe the temperature will actually get below -40 degrees soon so we can unveil our ‘Freezing Experience’ tour.”

