ISSUE:
1041
TEXT:
Rather unexpectedly, Ara Suwanstan reached the final match of the Calvinball World Cup, but was defeated by heavily-favored Ausblic. Your advisors have started a lively debate on the topic at the next day’s budget meeting.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “I’m as shocked as everyone else!” utters your Minister of Boardgames, Athletics, Leisure, and League Sports, while watching the team’s highlights on his phone. “We had to play defending champions Tasmania, and everyone thought we were going to get killed, but then one of their players stumbled into the Zone of Forfeiture! We might have even had a chance against Ausblic if we hadn’t botched the dance-off round. With a little more funding, we could easily build Ara Suwanstan into a Calvinball powerhouse. Maybe you could divert a bit from the education budget; after all, if you’re making a fortune playing a sport, an education isn’t that important!”
OPTION-1: “Funding isn’t the problem,” claims Interior Minister Jadzia Winters, who is still wearing a national team scarf. “There are too many foreigners playing for our local teams. The club coaches never give our young players a chance; they just go out and pay big money for the established players from abroad. This denies our young ones the opportunity to gain top-level experience that we could have used to beat Ausblic. If we want to lift the trophy at the next tournament in Althaniq, we need a law that prevents clubs from having more than one overseas player.”
OPTION-2: “Look, I was cheering for our team as much as everyone else,” states your Minister of Cost-Cutting and Harsh Realities, using a red pen to cross out large sections from the latest national budget. “But we only got through to the final because Maxtopia’s star player got a violet card in the first quintile and had to wear a blindfold for the rest of the match. Before that, Marche Blanche’s team was penalized ten wickets for being unable to sing their national anthem backwards. Let’s be realistic: our success was just a fluke. I recommend that we slash funding for all of this sporting nonsense and give our citizens a nice tax cut.”
OPTION-3: “You know, I’ve heard rumors that host country East Lebatuck only got as far as they did because they slipped hallucinogens into the drinking water of their opponents,” suggests Intelligence Minister Mohandas Dovey while fiddling with prototypes of the latest spy cameras. “Some of the Bigtopian players even claimed to see a talking tiger on the field! If we offered to host one of these sporting spectacles - and then made a few ‘donations’ to the International Calvinball Federation to ensure we were selected - we could have a similar advantage. Just say the word, and I’ll have our research labs start working on an array of undetectable sedatives.”

