TEXT:Ksenya Matei, your Minister of Health, became a target of criticism when she responded to a political opponent’s colorful insults by saying “Maybe you should consider rinsing your dirty mouth with bleach. It might even help you get rid of that bad breath.” Unfortunately, some citizens took this as actual advice that this would work as a treatment for their own stinky exhalations, and have been hospitalized with painful injuries. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Look, it is not my problem that some people in this country aren’t the sharpest knives in the drawer,” sneers Matei, throwing her arms up in exasperation. “Sarcasm, people! It shouldn’t be so hard to understand. Even my 5-year-old niece got the joke. I guess the proles must be so adept at comprehending rhetorical devices because of our robustly funded education system, and you DON’T need to spend more on that. That was me being sarcastic again, in case you missed it. Yeesh.”
OPTION-1: “Nonsense, people holding public office need to have full accountability for their statements,” says Rama Solo, popping a handful of breath mints. “If the Health Minister herself comes up and says ‘use bleach for bad breath’, who am I to doubt her authority? I mean, can you imagine if a world leader was to suggest injecting bleach? Not that anyone but a blithering baby-brained wibbling idiot would ever suggest such a thing, but still, can you imagine the potential harm? We need to ban sarcasm and all forms of linguistic ambiguity from political discourse and censure this minister for jeopardizing our lives!”
OPTION-2: “Banning sarcasm? No way! This actually gives me a great idea!” exclaims Yolanda Bottomley, your Minister of Alternative Solutions, rubbing her hands excitedly. “If anything, we should encourage our party members to employ as much equivocation in their speeches as possible, so they have plausible deniability if a statement of theirs falls flat. Did you make an unfortunate remark about Bigtopians? Just say it was sarcasm, problem solved!”

