TEXT:Last night, the students of DataBase Central High School performed a spirited rendition of the play ‘The Grand Algorithm: Glorious Hero of Horrible peoplez’. Horrifyingly, they turned it into a musical parody — with you as the villain instead of the hero. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “See, this is what happens when we let people make decisions on their own,” complains Propaganda Minister Lloyd Webster, idly twirling his oversized prop mustache. “We gave these kids the freedom to perform a variety of theatrical productions, ranging from ‘The Grand Algorithm: The Amazing Couldn’t-Be-Cooler Dreamboat’ to ‘The Sun Shines From The Grand Algorithm’s Every Orifice’. Instead, they turned our most beloved national hagiography into a vulgar parody where you torture dissidents and sing about sending innocent people to the gulags! Drag these teenage reprobates and the school administrators to a re-education camp, where they can labor until they learn that you are a kind and merciful leader who only wants the best for our people.”
OPTION-1: “Please! I didn’t know about those rewrites that the students made,” pleads Principal Bobbie Posse, who was brought before you in chains. “It’s normal for teenagers to go through a rebellious phase. If this wretched worm before you might make a suggestion, perhaps a small amount of political satire would be a good thing! Allowing your unworthy subjects a little more freedom of expression, in small venues below a mighty personage’s notice, would show that you’re a good sport with a sense of humor — and ample reserves of forgiveness toward those of us who can never hope to live up to your magnificent example.”
OPTION-2: “I actually liked the part where you slaughtered your enemies and literally danced on their graves,” enthuses Julian Paymore, your Minister of Cruel and Unusual Punishments, who appears to be sketching either costumes or new ideas for torture devices in a notebook. “It would be a shame to waste all that raw talent by sending them to break rocks in a quarry. If those troublesome teens think it’s so fun to write clever songs, we’ll just make them do that for the rest of their lives. I’m sure that our Ironic Punishments Division can find jobs for them on the ‘Fawning Adulation for The Grand Algorithm Smile-Time Variety Hour’ or a similar program. They’ll really hate that.”
OPTION-3: Lyricist and composer Stephanie Soundheimer, who has been shackled to a piano until she writes a version of ‘Send in the Leader’ that doesn’t have a bittersweet counterpoint, plays a scale for attention. “Ain’t it a shame. You should cut slack. Rather than have people say, you are a hack. ‘Oh, what a clown!’ Want to make friends? Here and abroad? Fool everyone so they believe you’re not flawed. ‘Are they a clown? They’re not a clown.’ We’ll remove parts where you can’t spell, and all of their insults about how they think that you smell. Cast a big star to play you and send it on a tour. We’ll earn some cash, that I am sure. It is just farce! Reasons are clear: you will get all the cash that you want; people will cheer. So turn <i></i>’round that frown. In cash, you will drown. At least <i></i>’til next year.”

