TEXT:Recent technological developments in mobile phones are raising concerns from your citizens about the possible harm they are doing to the modern generation. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Everyone is just staring at their phone screens these days!” messages anti-mobile lobbyist Monica Swallows, via the WotsOn chat service. “Between social media, augmented reality games and personal assistant software, people now spend more time looking at and talking to their phones than they do interacting with real people! Let’s not forget the dangers of these distracting devices either: inattentive driving, pedestrian collisions, eye strain, repetitive strain injuries... They’ve caused more deaths than exploding cupboards, the ironing board, and Godzilla put together. I say we create just one hour every lunchtime where everybody is obliged to keep their phones off. Let’s rediscover the art of conversation!”
OPTION-2: “This is utter nonsense. Mobile phones are nothing other than beneficial to society! I’ll have you know that not one of our state-funded studies has found the slightest bit of evidence to the contrary!” argues Tom Campbell, Director of Telecommunications Monitoring, nonchalantly leaning on a stack of transcripts of notable dissidents’ telephone conversations. “Have you ever seen anyone drop dead in the street while chatting on one of our trackable audio-monito... I mean ‘publicly funded cellphones’? No! It’s just blatant scaremongering! I implore the government to dismiss these crackpots’ complaints.”
OPTION-3: “I don’t believe they’re harmful either,” says Bodhi Ho, a teacher. “But it’s obvious to everyone what a detrimental effect it has on our children! Everywhere I look, I’m seeing children as young as four tapping away at the blasted things! Do you know how many lessons I’ve had interrupted by the ‘Crazy The Ravadow’ ringtone, or by little Timmy saying there’s a collectable Pokeachew under my desk? Do you know how many of my pupils think ‘great’ is spelled with a number? Too many! Only adults should be allowed to own and use mobile phones!”

