TEXT:When newspaper <i>The DataBase Herald</i> referred to over 65s as “society’s growing burden” and as “unproductive leeches”, there was outrage amongst the eldest generation. Looking to prove them wrong, a number of them have ganged together to create the <i>Violet Hat Society</i> - a gathering of retirees who are volunteering to contribute to the greater good. They’ve asked you how they can help serve Horrible peoplez. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I think we’ve got a lot to teach the younger generation,” says Violet Hat founder Layla Gilligan, putting the finishing touches to an impressive watercolour landscape. “Perhaps we could set up an official Advice Service, to pass the wisdom of a life of experience on to the younger generation?”
OPTION-2: “If they really want to help, how about running some childcare for my rugrats?” asks working single dad Theo Mitchell, as he forks over 100 Crippled Currencies to a gum-chewing young lady that you presume must be his babysitter. “It’d mean people like me could get to work, and maybe even engage in... uh... social activities.” He gives a quick guilty glance at the high-heel wearing girl as she leaves.
OPTION-3: “Aren’t they lovely, these old gents and biddies?” asks thirty-year old Zola Suzuki, unaware how condescending this sounds. “No, no, we don’t need them to do anything! They’ve worked away and now they must retire and enjoy the sunshine. They can leave running the country to the young and healthy, while they go play bingo or work their allotments, or whatever it is that crusty old people like to do. Get these Purple Cap People - or whatever they call themselves - to form a working committee where they can debate with each other and keep out of everyone else’s way, then make a policy of ignoring whatever they come up with.”
OPTION-4: “If they’re healthy and capable, shouldn’t they be in the workplace?” asks tax-paying twenty-something Daisy Calder. “Let’s do away with the idea of pensions and retirement, then they can keep contributing economically instead of spending their time pottering about, interfering with everything and asking their grand-kids when they’re going to settle down and stop traveling. Or something.”

