TEXT:Just when you thought you had a moment to relax, a delayed memo reaches your desk reminding you that you’re scheduled to deliver a speech on new organizational systems for the Darstoipan National Archives barely half an hour from now. Ironically, your secretary seems to have misplaced the only copy of your prepared speech, and chaos has ensued. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, what have I done?” spouts frazzled secretary Monica Yeats, while frantically searching her desk for the lost document. “You can’t go out there without a speech! People are expecting you to say something, and you have to project an aura of always being ready!” She hurriedly grabs her son’s school essay from her bulletin board, peeling off the big gold star sticker before handing it to you. “Here, just read from this. It may be slightly off-topic, but at least it’s something... and hey, it got top marks in his junior forensics class!”
OPTION-1: “Now hold on a second! Are you really considering going out there with something written by a 10-year-old? It’s better to give no speech than a bad speech!” interjects Minister of Expecting the Unexpected, Tom Dylan, rapidly flipping through a binder of unusual situations and selecting an appropriate response. “Now I know it might look bad, but it says right here that all you have to do is tell the people about your lost speech. That will make them sympathize with you, and you’ll earn their support for telling them the truth! Honesty before image, right?”
OPTION-2: “From my years working the crowds, I can tell you that the people just want to have some fun. Nobody cares about that lame speech you planned anyway!” insists self-proclaimed ‘hype-lord’ Bodhi Longbottom, dropping in unannounced from your vents. “You should go out there and say something that gets the people hootin’ and hollerin’ for more, that’s what always works. Speak off the cuff, no holds barred. Announce a new patriotic holiday or something! It’ll be lit, no cap!”

