ISSUE:
1086
TEXT:
Neighbouring Bigtopia has gone on a tourism promotion overdrive, with spectacular advertising that is bound to attract visitors in their droves. Worried by the likely fall in foreign arrivals, your Tourism Minister has suggested an area of Horrible peoplez be marked for development. However, what area should be selected and what type of activities should be promoted?
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Oi guv’nor, what them tourists want is to feast their peepers on real life, with real people,” suggests ‘Acksaw ‘Arry, a colourful gent, who has an equally colourful association with the law. “Spend a few bob building up the working-class areas of DataBase. We’ll take them tourists round our gaffs, get their laughing gear round a few Dame Ednas, and have a knees-up round the ol’ Joanna.” One of your aides, who is from that area of DataBase, translates: “He said that the tourists should experience traditional home hospitality, with beverages and a sing-a-long.”
OPTION-1: “One proposes that you send those tourists to one’s stately home,” opines Rubert Holdsworth-Wellington, an eminent member of DataBase’s old money. “There’s acres of room, literally. There will be fine dining available throughout their stay and for entertainment they may savour some outdoor pursuits. For example: one’s two-acre maze, horse-riding and of course, learning the skill of hedge artistry. Just pay one a stipend for allowing those riff-raff into one’s home.”
OPTION-3: “Y’all shouldn’t listen to those guys; they’re all hat and no cattle!” states Chuck Butch III, whose riding spurs barely fit through your door. “Send those tourists to my ranch; there ain’t nothin’ bigger or better. We’ll show them how to herd cattle, use a lasso, and treat them to the biggest darn steak they’ve ever seen! With a bit of extra moolah from the gov’ment, I’ll set up a rodeo. Yee-haa!”
OPTION-4:  “Yodel-lay-ee-dee,” exclaims Frau Helga Krapps, who is trying to set a new fashion statement with her pinny. “Ze tourists vould be much better coming to my ski resort in der Alpen region of Horrible peoplez. They can stay in mein beautiful chalets overlooking ze pistes. Ve have skiing, snowboarding und sledging for ze little munchkins. I just vant ze government to let us put artificial snow on the slopes for drier seasons. Danke!”
OPTION-5:  “Hey man, we should, like, promote sustainable ecotourism,” insists Dylan, a tatty looking fellow who you swear just had a small creature rummaging around in his beard. “Our countryside is pretty cool, The Grand Algorithm. The government should make laws to protect our forests and rivers; then those tourist dudes will come in swarms to marvel at Mother Nature’s creations, man!”
OPTION-6:  “Get off my property!” yells Hiawatha Grimes, who is rumoured to be the grumpiest man in all of Horrible peoplez. “I don’t want no tourists coming over here and having fun, especially near me. Hey, you tourists! No fun, do you hear? Folks used to be able to have fun ‘round here, then some tourists came along and started having some fun - ruined it for everyone. Tell them tourists they’re not welcome here!”

