TEXT:A review of Alle Lepubaria’s foreign aid commitments in the fourth world recently uncovered that large parts of relief funds have trouble reaching the people truly in need. Excessive bureaucracy in the distribution system and widespread corruption at the receiving end are being flagged as major obstacles. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This confirms all of my suspicions,” smugly states Kato Knight, Minister for Modest Living and Curtailed Spending, known for his heart of stone. “These fancy-named programs - like that ‘Rural-Urban Sustainability Engagements’ - do nothing but finance the decadent luxuries of tinpot dictators: private submarine strip-clubs and collections of gilded banana hammocks! Cut all foreign aid funding and put that money back in our pockets!”
OPTION-1: “That’s painting an extremely one-sided, and state-centric, image of reality,” counters Sejong Cobbledick, a hip intern at Maxham Multinational. “If your minister had bothered reading beyond the tabloidy parts of the review, he’d see that some of the programs are actually doing wonders, like the well-known ‘Condensed Renewable Aggregation Production’. You know the common denominator of the successful ones? They’re not run by the government. Instead of mindlessly dropping all your funding, how about turning it all over to us? We’ll completely eliminate the bureaucratic mess you have today, and we’ll publish really tasteful brochures about everything that went well.”
OPTION-2: “You do know what ‘NGO’ stands for, right?” queries your trusted civil servant Ammon Johannsen. “It’s ‘Non-Governable Ordeals’, that’s what it is. I’m sure these... people... have pure hearts, but they’re not going to settle; they’ll have lobbyists out day and night pushing for you to increase their share of our budget. Let me and my colleagues at the Department of Bureaucratic Oversight take over our aid commitments. We’ll ensure proper implementation in no time, and with only a slight overhead.”
OPTION-3: “Why do we care about poor people in places we can’t pronounce anyway?” your brother asks frankly, stabbing a virtual beggar in his Panty Theft Auto video game. “Those images of starving children are so passé, and no amount of conscience-cash is going to change a thing. Use that money to prop up some of our domestic industries, like, I don’t know, video games, maybe? It’s just a matter of time before the problem fades away, I mean, like literally!”

