TEXT:The Upper Norkrativerchamian National Parks are widely regarded as one of the best vacation destinations in the country — and it’s about to get even better, because wealthy industrialist Rick Oldport just made a large donation to the national parks system. There’s one condition though: the money must be used to create a new park. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Yes! We finally have enough money to turn the Bland Canyon into a national park,” enthuses Minister of the Interior and part-time actor Wesley Snopes, who is writing a series of to-do lists that appear to be dated five years into the future. “We can get right to work training park rangers and deciding on the best typeface for our informational signs. Or maybe we should start with a hiking trails development committee? This is so exciting!”
OPTION-1: “Well, that sounds boring to me!” interjects businessperson Don Blatherford, who is carefully adjusting his pocket square. “Classy individuals like you deserve to treat yo’self. Let’s transform the dull Snakewater Mountains — part of which I happen to own — into an extravagant resort with limousine tours of the local scenery and one of those indoor ski slopes. If our guests get tired of being pampered, they’re welcome to tour my mining operation and see interesting geological formations being pulled out of the ground and pulverized as they watch!”
OPTION-3: “Normally, I’d be opposed to another bloated government project,” states libertarian woodworker Jon Duckson, who appears to have given himself an unofficial tax rebate by taking all of the toilet paper from your bathroom. “However, the people of this country have become a bunch of namby-pamby weaklings who don’t even know how to operate a simple edge bander. I think we should take the most barren piece of terrain that’s available and offer training in foraging off the land, tracking animals, and making live-edge wooden furniture. Thank you for considering my suggestion; please do not attempt to contact me or ask any follow-up questions.”
OPTION-4: “I just came up with <i>literally</i> the best idea ever,” claims fitness enthusiast Christine Trainer, who apparently doesn’t understand the definition of ‘literally’. “The best land for a park... has no land at all! Get it? We need a park that preserves the biodiversity of our oceans, especially those endangered coral reefs that all the cargo ships seem to cut through. Let’s protect those reefs now before they’re as bleached as my perfectly aligned teeth!”
OPTION-5: “Scratching mosquito bites and throwing other people’s things into a campfire are two of my favorite activities,” admits government intern Maple Floodgate. “But maybe we should try a different type of national park, one that’s dedicated to music and contemporary art. I know this really awesome abandoned factory on the south side of Kron that has great acoustics and is covered in insightful graffiti. If you wanted, I could even curate a playlist of post-apocalyptic death metal music to enhance the experience. So... can I go now?”
OPTION-6: “I love parks!” reminisces Maple’s boyfriend, Stanley Meyer, who is wearing a ‘federal agent’ ID badge that looks like it was drawn with crayons. “I always have a lot of fun at our nation’s parks. Except for that time at Spruce Pointe when I blew chunks after I ate a lot of cotton candy and then rode the Violet Streak Corkscrew Coaster about fifty times. We should make a big new park with even more thrilling rides, and fried candy bars slathered in butter! Oh, and a petting zoo for tiny horses! Why is everyone staring at me?”

