TEXT:During a severe weather outbreak yesterday, weather sirens raised the alarm about the incoming danger. However, that didn’t seem to concern residents, who had grown all too used to constant tests and malfunctions associated with the aging system. Following dozens of fatalities, a discussion has arisen regarding the best method to warn the public about approaching weather threats. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I’m tired of weathering weather sirens!” shouts storm survivor Angela Tano, still wearing her soggy raincoat. “I’m in my house, glued to my phone, when I thought I heard a train. Turns out, it was no train; it was a twister coming straight at me! Sure, I heard the sirens, but they go off all the time! Instead of listening out for old sirens, we should get official weather alerts through our phones. I mean, people definitely won’t ignore their cell phones!”
OPTION-1: “Well, not everyone has a cell phone, and what if its battery dies in the middle of a storm, what then?” questions Upper Norkrativercham Emergency Management spokesperson Emil Chandra. “The biggest advantage to sirens is that we can assure that they will always work... as long as they aren’t old, malfunctioning, or whatever. It should be clear that a refit of the siren system is on the radar. All we need to do is update them to be more... attention-grabbing. I’m sure citizens won’t ignore weather sirens if we replace the wail with, say, a blood-curdling scream!”
OPTION-2: “Why is it the government’s responsibility to warn us of incoming life or death situations?” rants well-known libertarian political speaker Khalida Hugandkiss, failing to intervene as her infant picks up a nearby nail gun. “It’s the responsibility of the individual to ensure their own safety. We shouldn’t be wasting bitcoins maintaining a faulty, hardly-used system. I say we let the old siren system die, save ourselves some money, and call it a day. If the average Upper Norkrativerchamian doesn’t have enough common sense to take caution when the weather gets bad, then I forecast that Upper Norkrativercham has a far bigger problem.”

