ISSUE:
1450
TEXT:
After many years of faithful service, your current vehicle broke down on the highway this morning, forcing you to squeeze into the back of a police car like a common hoodlum in order to get to work. To avoid any further embarrassments, your advisors have asked you to pick a new state car to whisk you to-and-fro when required.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Look, that old barge was pretty, but it might not have been adequate if there was a bomb attack!” proclaims General Moiraine Preisner, gesturing wildly and getting uncomfortably close to your face. “What we need to protect you is a state-of-the-art military vehicle. I’m talking 10cm thick carbon-ceramic armour, missile launchers, gun nests, and plenty of room for a squad of special forces operatives. Let’s make something no enemy of the state would dare even look funny at, let alone consider attacking!”
OPTION-1: Suddenly, your windows are shaken by what sounds like the bellow of a wild animal as eccentric TV star and car enthusiast Clark Jeremysson revs the engine of his Berrari Forza-Azzurri, then proceeds to address you using a megaphone. “Your people judge you based on what you’re driving. How on earth can they connect with you on a personal level if you’re riding around in a hybrid battlecruiser-tank thing? You should get something fast and exciting — a proper supercar — and drive it yourself. Show everyone that you’re a real take-charge leader who goes wherever you want, at whatever speed you want. People will love it!”
OPTION-2: “Heaven forbid that such an uncouth brute should influence Your Excellency,” sputters Thupten Wolfe, head of sales at Bolls-Boyce, bowing low and taking off his hat. “My dear, the vehicle that served you was very fine indeed, but fear not, for we can make a more luxurious replacement at our coachbuilding studio that will be far superior to the pedestrian wares offered by Maxcedes and Barryan Motor Works. If you would be so kind as to tell me your preferred leather suppleness and decanter temperature, my master craftsmen can get to work post-haste.”
OPTION-3: “Why waste taxpayer money on an expensive limousine when you can set an example of frugality?” questions your Minister of Anti-Corruption, who also happens to be your niece. “Just drive whatever’s available, like one of the compact cars in the government’s vehicle pool. They’re all made by General Chassis, right here in Ter Fand Anis. It’ll help reduce government spending, while demonstrating your support for the local automotive industry.”
OPTION-4: You think you’re finished, but then a scraggly hippy who had appeared to be a large bush stands up and starts moving in your direction. “Like, dude... it’s you, man! I always thought you were cool! Hey, listen, I want to rap with you about something. Like, cars are so last century, dude! The people will totally be down with it if you just... like, walk everywhere. Imagine, you with a sweet poncho and a stick, totally in sync with Mother Earth, just walking to... wherever it is you go. Maybe it’ll put out good vibrations and change some minds about pollution and saving the world!”

