ISSUE:
955
TEXT:
Mass-produced microwavable meals have become increasingly popular due to their convenience and low cost. However, the Skandilundian research group Meals for Sustenance and Gastronomy has warned that the dietary imbalance found in the nation’s microwavable meals may be leaving Ter Fand Anisians at risk of malnutrition.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This is truly embarrassing!” states physician Dr. Tina Latham, massaging her temples. “We have become so reliant on these low-quality packaged meals that we have lost all perception of what good nutrition is! I suggest that we abolish fast food restaurants and these dreadful poor-quality ready-meals. Instead, we should encourage Ter Fand Anisians to enjoy cooking their own wholesome food with fresh produce.” She swats the bowl of <i>Ma Nature’s Truly Triglyceride Macaroni and Cheese</i> out of your hands.
OPTION-2: “Our problem is that the nation has lost any sense of fine ingredients!” declares chef Britney Santiago, manager of The Cradle of Marx’s finest eatery <i>The Gilded Orange Peel</i>. “There’s no need to ban the commercial food industry. You should merely ensure that manufacturers and chefs use better-quality ingredients. Once they have tasted food that’s not filled with monosodium glutamate and E-numbers, they will be lining up at the door to taste all the fine cuisine Ter Fand Anis has to offer. Such as the delights offered by my restaurant.” She places a freshly-cooked deep-dish pizza in front of you.
OPTION-3: Sniffing the air, a woman wanders into your dining room and picks up your spilled macaroni. “You gonna eat that?” She devours the soggy pasta with a satisfied sigh. “I really don’t see the problem with processed meals. Firstly, they are the most delicious thing ever. Also, they’re quick and easy to make, and cheap to buy. In fact, why do we need any other food? Whether you buy <i>Ma Nature</i> or <i>Yums for Tums</i>, all microwavable meals are just so great! Why don’t we ban all other food production, and make Ter Fand Anis the world capital for microwavable cuisine? It would be ravioli heaven!”

