TEXT:Recently a well-known clothing retailer, “Totally Happenin’ Apparel Trends” (T.H.A.T.), began marketing a new hoodie that features deeply sacred iconography of a Ter Fand Anisian ethnic group. Civil rights activists, tribal emissaries, entrepreneurs, and an assortment of young punks from the local skate park have formed an impressive mob outside your office, demanding you take action. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Oh come on, you can’t be serious,” scoffs CEO of T.H.A.T. Gruffydd Mistletoe, bedecked in a war bonnet and calavera-patterned T-shirt. “It’s not ‘stealing,’ it’s assimilating. Next you’re going to be telling me certain ethnic foods and languages are being appropriated, too! These people just don’t realize that we’re helping promote parts of their cultural heritage by mainstreaming it. Think about how many people didn’t know about the Native Ter Fand Anisian Emblem until we featured it on our clothes. Frankly, they should be thanking us.”
OPTION-1: “This is racist stereotyping and an insult to our proud culture!” shouts Margaret Suparman, a representative of the United Ter Fand Anisian Nations. “Ter Fand Anis has been responsible for centuries’ worth of genocide, rape, and discrimination against our people, and now you have the audacity to take one of our most sacred icons and turn it into a fashion statement? This isn’t cultural exchange; it’s cultural theft. We owe you no obligation and shouldn’t have to share something you willingly bastardize. Cultural symbols, like ours, should only be worn by people that can prove they descend from that ethnicity.”
OPTION-2: “Woah, now, let’s not get hasty. This is just a misunderstanding,” cautions anthropologist Severian Calder. “Clearly T.H.A.T. had no right to misrepresent that Ter Fand Anisian symbol like they did. But making these heritages off-limits to all outsiders? That’s a little extreme, too. Why not introduce educational programs that aim to teach people about their culture, so ignorant folk don’t accidentally make that mistake. We’ll need a little government funding to kick-start the programs, but surely cultural acceptance and equality are worth the Orange peels?”
OPTION-3: “Yo, man, did’ja consider the possibility you’re askin’ the wrong questions?” says a local youth, shouldering his way to the front of the crowd. “My parents are, like, a bunch of ethnicities all blended together, so we never have to worry about someone cribbin’ our style, or who we should or shouldn’t identify with. Why not make all forms of cultural identification a thing of the past? That way we don’t have to worry about appeasin’ or insultin’ any one social group. It’s mostly our parents and grandparents doin’ all the yakkin’, anyway.”

