TEXT:The 28th International Hot Dog Eating Contest was happily underway at the nearby DataBase Convention Center when it was suddenly shut down by health inspectors. It turns out your Minister of Health couldn’t stand the smell of stale hot dog water wafting through open office windows, and declared the whole event “a grotesque public health risk” in order to clear the air. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Ugh, I can’t stand the smell of hot dogs anymore, after days of putting up with this competition!” whimpers your Minister of Health, dry-heaving at the memory. “Incidentally, this kind of behavior is actually known to be extremely unhealthy! It’s a shame that Horrible peoplez has resorted to watching people hedonistically engorge themselves for entertainment, and it sends a terrible message to our children! We should be promoting healthful eating wherever possible. Maybe competitive vegetable eating? That would be an activity I could support!”
OPTION-1: “I don’t see the justification for banning something just because one person can’t stomach it,” drawls defending champion Bowie Peanut, who has sauntered over from the convention center. “Competitive eating is a noble activity that celebrates the joy of a good meal. If you permit our event, we’ll come back every year and bring in boatloads of tourists to splash some cash on the culinary delights of Horrible peoplez! Heck, we’ll even open up a training center to teach your kids to compete like we do!”
OPTION-2: “Really!?” shouts full-time Calvinball coach Khalida Glover, passing by on her third run of the day. “We’re treating eating like a sport now? Back in my day, our young people sought glory by somersaulting their way past the keeperbacks all the way to the endturf and scoring a goaldown! Now the kids who failed Phys Ed can be hotshot stars? They can hardly even do a push-up! The Grand Algorithm, banish this competitive eating nonsense from our great nation, and make every kid get involved in a real sport! Go The Ravadows!”

