ISSUE:
1260
TEXT:
Today, reports reached Kel Tory that Hillary Wildish, a refugee that previously applied for asylum on the basis that her sexuality is a capital crime in her home country — only to be sent home when her application was rejected — has subsequently been executed by her own government.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This is an absolute disgrace!” splutters LGBT activist Matteo Dodinas, draping a giant rainbow version of the national flag around your shoulders. “That poor woman lost her life because this cruel government refused her sanctuary! What kind of nation will not give people refuge from cruel and despotic regimes? Allow automatic asylum on the basis of persecution for sexual orientation!”
OPTION-1: “How was I meant to know she was telling the truth?” exclaims the immigration official who refused the woman’s entry, distractedly adjusting the green carnation in his lapel. “She could have been lying just so she could get into the country to take advantage of our generosity! How about we ask supposedly gay migrants to prove their sexuality? We could ask them questions that only a gay person would know, and only let people who pass into the country.”
OPTION-2: “You know, this raises the broader issue of immigration,” announces your Finance Minister, dispensing financial projections with a little flourish. “We have an ageing population, so why worry about whether ‘x’ is cause for asylum but ‘y’ isn’t? All suffering is equal, especially that of the public coffers. How about we loosen the immigration rules, rubber-stamping asylum applications from all people who arrive able and willing to live and work here?”
OPTION-3: “That this woman died is unfortunate, of course,” drawls the famously understated author of <i>Do Stop Being Silly</i>, an analysis of brutal tyrants throughout the ages. “But we have a moral duty to care for our citizens, not every citizen of every country — no matter how unpleasant those countries may be. In fact, we ought to tighten the rules, so that only people with truly valuable skills can immigrate here.”
OPTION-4: “Why are we letting filthy gay people in in the first place?” asks the furious far-right author of anti-LGBT treatise <i>Dressed to Repress</i> Shelia LeCarré, who is hiding from your other visitors inside a closet. “We all know these people are disordered and disposed to vice. Her country has the right idea: protecting their people. If nations want to punish their citizens in accordance with their law, we should send them back immediately. Then we can clean up our act at home, with mandatory conversion therapy for all people with same-sex attraction. It <i>is</i> a kindness: no-one can be happy being who they are when they’re different to other people. Mother was right — you just can’t.”

