ISSUE:
1365
TEXT:
A number of people have been imprisoned for failing to pay the license fee that funds the public Gablickloo Snoyssyian Broadcasting Corporation. The subject has sparked passionate debate in the media and on breakfast shows.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “An impartial and well-funded public broadcaster is essential to a democratic society,” says highly paid GSBC presenter Fatima Usman, while she sips a fifty percent coconut milk decaf venti latte, no sugar and extra cream. “Most hardworking, decent people value and recognise the work we do. They get so many different services for their fees such as television channels, radio programmes, my expense acco - I mean, educational documentaries. I say toughen enforcement of the license fee with a fleet of television detector vans to catch fee evaders and send them straight to jail.”
OPTION-2: “You could decriminalise license fee evasion,” suggests judge Kusang Cohen, whose workload is evenly split between murder and license fee trials. “The national broadcaster provides a good service but it doesn’t seem fair to give people a criminal record for something so trivial. Also, it discriminates against poor people who can’t afford the license fee. If the fees were dealt with as a civil matter, like when people fail to pay their energy bills, debt collectors would be able to seize property to pay the debt.”
OPTION-3: “Why don’t we fund the GSBC out of general taxation instead?” yawns an under-depreciated junior Treasury minister, who is finding this funding discussion rather taxing. “That way, the broadcaster gets the money it needs, no one has to pay an expensive license fee and no one goes to prison or have their property seized. Everyone’s going to benefit, well, except for the taxpayers, but it’s accrual world after all. Anyways, I’d really appreciate it if you’d let me defer my role in this discussion. Calc-you-later.”
OPTION-4: “A license fee to watch TV? Public funding? What are we, East Lebatuckese?” questions billionaire media mogul RuPaul Murmarina, the owner of Sheeps News. “Forcing people to pay an archaic institution for supposedly impartial news and educational content is nonsense. I say privatise the broadcaster and let the free market do what it does best: meet the needs of the people by telling them what to think.”

