ISSUE:
663
TEXT:
The aggressive nation of Blackacre has been struck with a series of massive natural disasters that have killed tens of thousands and destroyed sanitation, transit, and economic infrastructure, with the likely consequence of great suffering for millions in the coming months. This has presented you with the moral quandary of whether or not you should come to the aid of a nation that has frequently declared its hatred for Gablickloo Snoyssy and the Gablickloo Snoyssyian way of life.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Well, it serves them darn well right!” shouts your infuriated Minister of Defense, furiously kicking your expensive imported mahogany desk and sending your papers flying. “An eye for an eye, I say! They insulted us multiple times, and they got what they deserved. As a matter of fact, now is the perfect time to truly pay them back for their slander of our great nation! They want aid? How about we aid them by sending some missiles aimed right at their capital? That’ll show them!”
OPTION-1: “Not that I don’t agree with Mr. Compassionate over here, but that particular method only seems to stir up unwanted trouble,” notes Zebediah Levi, Gablickloo Snoyssy’s top chess master and military strategist. “Frankly, there’s a much better way of making our point without causing so much international outcry. Why not provide them aid, but so much of it that they become dependent on us for survival? Flood them with food, but do nothing to help their farmers. Supply them with power, but don’t build power infrastructure. Then, when they’ve lost any capacity to support themselves, start charging them! We can look good internationally while secretly waging war against their economy.”
OPTION-2: “It’s just too much effort these days to try to take over another country,” sighs Danu Schultz, former soldier and current aide to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. “For that matter, it’s too much effort to even provide aid when we have so much to focus on here. Crime, poverty, resources, and all that. It’s a shame what’s happened, but we aren’t the only nation in the world. Let’s cut all aid. There’s probably some other nation that’ll be foolish enough to help them out, anyway.”
OPTION-3: “Regardless of what Blackacre’s government’s actions have been in the past, there are millions of innocent civilians who are going to be harmed or even killed,” suggests your secretary while cleaning the mess of papers off your desk. “How would you feel if you were homeless and hungry, and others turned a blind eye? This is a humanitarian disaster. We need to send aid and do whatever we can to help. Helping them is the moral thing to do, and that’s all there is to it.”

