ISSUE:
1574
TEXT:
At a recent cockfighting match in downtown Main Pyrimid, a vicious brawl between rival supporters of the two roosters — no doubt intoxicated by the smell and sight of blood — ended up causing severe injuries to ten people. As a result, a heated debate has been sparked about what to do with blood sports such as cockfighting, dogfighting and bullfighting.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “We have to put an end to this madness,” sighs flustered police constable Stan Strange, his feathers clearly ruffled at this latest workload increase. “These animal fighting matches are organised and spectated mostly by gangsters and illegal syndicates, so they’re hotspots for all sorts of criminal activities from pickpocketing to drug dealing. We need to show them who rules the roost by enforcing strict regulations at these matches: stewards, metal detectors, all-seater arenas, and ensuring everyone is at least 50 metres from the fighting, so they don’t get too riled up.”
OPTION-1: “Simply restricting these barbaric activities is not enough,” clucks Asok Burns, head of the Main Pyrimid chapter of the Animal Safety Society. “These poor creatures are bred and raised just to be vicious fighting machines. They’re kept in inhumane and crowded cages until it’s time to lead them out to their deaths. We inflict all this trauma on them, and for what? Self-gratification. We need to banish all cruel sports from our civilised country and make sure these sentient beings are sent to animal rehabilitation centers.”
OPTION-2: “Oh, come on, I didn’t come here to get hen-pecked by you wusses,” scoffs cockfighting kingpin Everly Head as she strokes her prized cock. “Blood sports are an integral part of Darstoipan culture. Sure, things might get a little heated at times, but it’s not as bad as it’s cracked up to be. If anything, you should be promoting these sports. Tourists pay top dollar to catch these legendary battles, and you could get a share of the dosh from taxes. It’s a win for all of us!”
OPTION-3: “No need to brood over this; there’s a simple compromise!” exclaims your Minister of Creative Solutions from under your desk, as he unplugs your computer to connect a gaming console. “Check it out — <i>Matador Manager</i>! If we promote these ultra-violent video games to the populace, then we can save animals from being attacked in the real world and stop crime from being committed at physical events, all the while ensuring we don’t lose a part of our culture! Now watch this!” He presses a button on his controller, causing pixelated blood to splatter all over your monitor.

