TEXT:Dustin Wiseau, the Prime Minister of Brancaland, recently gave a speech at the Nonviolent Objective Police Integrity Group Summit, where he encouraged the international community to investigate the “suspiciously high” rate of suicides and accidental deaths for detainees under Darcyusian police custody. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Whaaat? Why do we get blamed for a couple of suicidal thugs and a few isolated accidents?” snorts Stephen Wall, a police sergeant from Darakasha. “Just yesterday a stupid teenage shoplifter threw himself out of a fourth floor window at our headquarters. Clearly, his guilt was too much to bear. These scoundrels would rather give up the ghost than the criminal life. We need to make our detention centers suicide-proof: ensure there aren’t any ropes or belts lying around, remove sharp objects, and relocate cells to the ground floor so nobody can fall down the stairs. Increase our funding, and it shall be done.”
OPTION-1: “Well, the psychology of many offenders is clearly quite disturbed, so no wonder they are suicidal,” pontificates Atticus Shrink, a self-employed psychiatrist. “We could easily solve this problem if the government hired psychiatrists to provide therapy to people in detention. We could talk them out of suicide and maybe even prevent recidivism.”
OPTION-2: “I’m sorry, but why don’t you accept your shortcomings for once and seek improvement?” suggests Faith Kiefaber, the Brancalandian ambassador, while reviewing a stack of reports. “Our Prime Minister has made an acute observation. No sane person will believe that these people ‘fell down five flights of stairs’ or ‘intentionally strangled themselves with a pair of handcuffs’. And what about this other fellow whose cause of death is listed as ‘accidental ingestion of pen during interrogation’? Clearly, some of your officers tend to use incommensurate force on detainees. You should publicly apologize to the victims and put your officers in a comprehensive retraining program. We could even help you with the curriculum.”
OPTION-3: “What a shameless insult!” roars Kirby Rivera, your Minister of War, crumpling up the newspaper containing Dustin Wiseau’s statement. “This is obviously another Brancalandian conspiracy to meddle with our domestic affairs and make us look like barbarians on the international arena. I say it is time to make these mapleheads pay for their transgressions. Give me permission to lob a few missiles at them, and maybe they’ll stop spreading baseless rumors about us!”

