TEXT:After it was reported that the latest Maxémon eSports Tournament brought millions to the economy, gamers and industry representatives alike have called for the government to take eSports seriously. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “eSports are just as popular as real sports, if not more,” says top-tier player Earnest Bergman, seen wearing a Barrychu t-shirt. “If one tournament can generate that much money, imagine how much more year-round tourneys will bring! I’ll have you know that eSports require just as much skill and talent as so-called real-life ones. Our organizations have everything the professional sporting organizations have: drama, sweat, gambling, corrup-, err, competition. eSports are the future, and with some nice government grants we can really propel the industry forward.”
OPTION-1: “Sponsoring teams is all well and good, but what about those of us who design these games?” queries legendary video game designer Katniss Guilliman. “eSports wouldn’t exist if it weren’t for the designers who pour their blood, sweat, and financial resources into these games. With government subsidies, Darcyus can become a mecca for game developers. We should be fostering creativity so we can create better games that those angry WhoTube nerds won’t be able to pick apart.”
OPTION-2: “This is ridiculous,” scoffs professional football player Stanislav Navarrete, as he tosses a football to your unsuspecting aides, causing them to break a priceless vase. “These so-called eSports are nothing more than a bunch of nerds pressing buttons on controllers. I’d hardly call that a sport, more like a waste of time. Real men play football, hockey, and cricket. Our sports are a billion Dar Paper industry. You’d be better off banning these mindless games and promoting real sports, and athletes, to Darcyus’s youth.”
OPTION-3: “You’d be surprised by how realistic these games are,” comments your retired Defense Minister Jyn Torres, while building a virtual army on her Nintensoft MX. “Games like Guilds of Battle III: The Nightmare of Shadow Ops Faction are shockingly similar to our military operations. If these youngsters want to shoot up some terrorists in cyberspace, perhaps we should draft them into the military and let them shoot our enemies IRL, as they would say. At the very least they’d be great pilots for our drone program!”

