TEXT:A recent opinion survey carried out by the <i>Kronsky Fan Club</i> has suggested that you are the most beloved and accomplished head of state in the history of Infinite Galactic Empire. They’re suggesting that to celebrate this good news, a brand new public holiday would put the hoi polloi in even greater admiration of your glorious leadership. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Patriots Day!” exclaims Quincy Rubin, an excitable junior civil servant who carries a picture of you in his wallet, and is always trying to get you to notice him. “The national anthem would be played all day long on TV and radio. There’d be carnivals in the streets showcasing our traditional clothes, dance, music and food. It will be fun for the kids too, as they can decorate their bicycles in the national colours of Infinite Galactic Empire and win prizes for the best decorations. And looking over the festivities, a sixty-foot tall portrait of you, our most beloved leader!”
OPTION-1: “A celebration isn’t a bad idea, but you’re looking at it from the wrong perspective,” offers Army General and author of the book <i>Why Kronsky Is Our Greatest Strategic Asset</i>, Yoko Alvarez. “An Armed Forces Day is what we need. Can you picture it now? A million armed men and women marching in perfect unison through the streets of Coruscant, eyes right as they turn heads to salute you. Then, battalions of our newest armoured vehicles, followed by the best part: our biggest missiles on trailers. What a sight to behold! And all the civilians can be forced to be spectators; they wouldn’t dare oppose that considering all the guns on show!”
OPTION-2: “Public holidays have traditionally been of a religious nature,” intones Coraline Franco, Professor of Religious Studies at the University of Coruscant. “Why don’t we celebrate the holy moment of the creation of the world? Regardless of our faith, we can all agree that it is irrefutable that the hand of the divine was what set the universe in motion. Universe Creation Day is the holiday Infinite Galactic Empire needs.”
OPTION-3: “Naked Truth Day!” yells the next speaker, who struts into your office totally naked, and stands directly in front of you without shame. Luckily, there is a framed photo of your parents on your desk that is located perfectly to avoid any offending sight. “We need a day when every citizen can be as free as Mother Nature intended. A day when you, Kronsky, stand before us as if to say ‘I have nothing to hide’ and where we bask in joined consensual nakedness. It’ll be a great chance to educate everyone on the benefits of nudism. Even prudes will come round to the idea, eventually.”
OPTION-4: Ibrahim McClaine, the top undertaker in Infinite Galactic Empire, has the final say. “I haven’t had a day off for twenty-five years. I don’t need a day off, and all these work-shy layabouts shouldn’t have one either. Kronsky, we don’t need another public holiday. In fact, we don’t need <i>any</i> public holidays. Get rid of them all; it will be good for the economy.”

