TEXT:A teenager recently made headlines when he filed a lawsuit against his parents who had shared his photos on MyFace without his consent, prompting a discussion on whether parents have the right to post their kids’ pictures without their permission. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is a shameless infringement of my client’s privacy!” thunders Freya Ruddock, the lawyer of the teenage plaintiff, while she spreads an array of her client’s intimate childhood pictures on your desk. “You see, these irresponsible parents have unscrupulously documented the most private moments of my client, taking shots of him while he sat upon a potty chair, or ran around in his diapers, and then they shared them on their MyFace account! I don’t even need to mention the weirdos who may now have access to these sensitive pictures. Distributing any pictures of minors online, or offline, should be a criminal offense!”
OPTION-1: “Frankly, I don’t understand why this is even an issue,” grumbles Rochelle Amin, the mother of the disgruntled teenager, as she snuggles up to you and pouts her lips to #TakeASelfieWithTheLeader. “I mean, what is more natural for a mother than to take the pictures of her pretty little pumpkin and his adorable chubby bum, and to share them with her friends? We can’t take the tantrums of a pubescent kid high on hormones seriously, can we? As legal guardians, parents should be allowed to dispose of their kids’ pictures as they like.”
OPTION-3: “Ahem, I say we don’t have to think in binary terms,” chips in Rory Frederickson, the administrator of the government’s largest social media network, while she nervously scans your room with wide, bulging eyes. “I would first like to assure you that our app is very safe. Nobody would ever need to fear a data leak or any breach of security on our part. But if half-naked photos of kids are a problem, in order to safeguard our profile, we could simply program a bot to sift through all photos in our database and to tag and remove the ones in which too much flesh is exposed. What do you think?”

