TEXT:At the International Conference of Education, head-teachers and education ministers generally have a drink or ten and get a chance to meet their peers from across the world. The conference happens to be in Virs Timge Annche this year and having nothing better to do one night, you decide to attend a mixer. As it happens, the topic of conversation is Standardised Testing... 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: Dàguó Education Director Hoo Yu Wan Hia, apparently misunderstanding the nature of the social-mixer, has set up a projector upon a platter of hors d’oeuvres and is currently word-for-word reading off PowerPoint slides. “In Dàguó, standardised tests assess student performance throughout education. Centile-scoring streams the students, gives accurate comparison, and identifies the cream of the crop for industry roles. Next slide, please. This is the foundation of economic success, and also why Dàguó children are so much better at maths and science than the lazy and undisciplined children of your nations. You should adopt the Dàguó system. Any questions?”
OPTION-1: “Constant testing teaches children only how to pass tests,” interjects Antti Markkanen, a progressive head teacher from the socialistic nation of Skandilund, carefully putting down his drink. “Obsession with competition only makes children equate success with dominance. Use carrot and stick methods, and you just get an ass. Pun intended. When children compete, most are taught only that they are losers. Abandon testing, and teach love of knowledge!”
OPTION-2: “So on the one hand we got rote-learning clones, and on the other, liberal hippies!” spits cowboy-hat wearing Jonnie Wain, interrupting his poker game to literally and metaphorically put his cards on the table. “In the United Federation we got a saying:<i> ‘Hey Guvmint! Butt out!’</i>. Let each school be its own business, deciding its own way with no centralized tyranny. Let parents vote with their wallets, and either pick the school they want, or pick no school at all. I was raised on my uncle’s farm; I just learned me how to herd steers from the back of a horse. That’s real life education!”
OPTION-3: “Couldn’t we be a bit more moderate, try and take something of all three options?” wonders your Education Minister, trying to escape from the trio of foreign educators closing in on her. “Maybe there’s a Virs Timge Annchean way, with compulsory exam assessments, but not a national test, but a choice of examination boards competing on the free market. And maybe you could have some state schools with part private funding, and some private schools with state regulation, and some structured home schooling involving some time in communal classrooms. That sounds good, doesn’t it? Maybe? Possibly?”

