ISSUE:
455
TEXT:
When the police recently used a main battle tank to stop a robbery in downtown Dreamtown, many questioned whether the police should be buying up army surplus.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “I thought the police were there to make things better!” cries Cain Nahasapeemapetilon, gesturing towards the devastated shopfront. “One moment I was being held up by a guy in a mask. The next thing I know a 50 ton war machine is roaring through my shop! Instead of some derelict stealing the money in the till, the police pulverized the entire building! Surely that tank was overkill? They’re cops, not commandos.”
OPTION-1: The offending tank drives up to your office with sirens blaring, stopping just before it hits the building. The tank’s turret swivels towards your head, then the hatch swings open and Officer Hayley Thompson pops out. “Howdy! So ... you heard about that robbery we crushed - literally - downtown with Bessie here? I just want to say that militarization is the best thing that ever happened to law enforcement. Never been easier to strike fear into the hearts of criminals! In fact, you should loosen the rules of procurement for police equipment. Then we could have some real toys! To deal with gangs, of course, not to run around like drunken idiots.”
OPTION-2: “Officer Friendly here appears to overestimate the logical potential for heavy weaponry in everyday law enforcement,” complains Chief of Department Marco Chicago while glaring at the tank outside your office. “Special weapons and tactics have their place in hostage negotiation and riot control, but they shouldn’t be deployed routinely. We should have heavily armed paramilitary police units, but they should be elites reserved for exceptional circumstances.”
OPTION-3: The tank drives off, ruining the gardens around your office. “I can’t believe you let amateurs use heavy armor,” comments Sasha Jackson, a military attaché from Maxtopia. “Occupying unruly neighborhoods can reduce unrest, but only if the job is done by professionals. Let the army handle all police work from now on, and you won’t have untrained idiots demolishing every street sign in their path. Nothing maintains law and order quite like the barrel of a gun and a proper curfew.”

