TEXT:Yesterday evening, talk radio pundit Heidi Harrison launched a scathing critique of your “ridiculously incompetent Transport Minister” and the minister’s “terrible mismanagement of timetables”. Unfortunately, said minister angrily phoned in to argue her case, and foolishly told the talkshow host that if she thought she could do better, she’d be welcome to try. Somewhat predictably, Harrison is now outside the parliament building, ready to give it a go. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1:  “Look at her strutting about, that know-it-all, trying to tell the public how my damn job should be done,” snarls your extremely experienced Transport Minister. “What the hell does she know about fuel logistics, or network maintenance, or sub-contract management? Absolutely jack nothing, that’s what! Broadcasters shouldn’t be allowed to offer unfounded opinions about things they know nothing about. Slap a fine on her for misleading the public and fomenting ignorance — that’ll teach her to mind her words.”
OPTION-1: “That’s a little... extreme,” cautions one of the minister’s aides, serving up a tray of calming hot cocoas. “The truth is that a free media will always attract larger-than-life types to pontificate on whatever subject they want, and that’s a great thing. Sure, maybe this radio host is clueless, but we should always encourage lively discussion on our airwaves. Maybe instead what we need is a more managed media presence, with ministers always consulting with their teams before making radio appearances. If we’re more careful about what we say, we’ll avoid situations like this one.”
OPTION-2: “Hey, let’s have a bit of fun with this...” suggests one of your grinning junior transport staffers. “Let’s let her into the building, and put her in charge of the department for a whole week, with everything broadcast live on air. Then, we pile her with jobs that she can screw up.  Ask her whether the switchboard generator in Bedtown should be powered up at 215 or 230 megawatts. Probe her for specifics on the emerging empty boat situation. Ask her what the optimum running speed is for track temperature management. We make her look like a fool, and the public gets a better appreciation of how hard our job is.”

