TEXT:Eccentric millionaire Chijioke Pelosi caused an uproar after he said that he hid a treasure chest filled with one million Canadian Dollars somewhere in Ottawa. Widespread trespassing and two deaths have caused great debate over whether the hunt should go on. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Excuse me, coming through!” booms Ottawa’s overworked Chief of Police, Hope Watts, having roughly detained a teenager who was outside your door. “Look at this chaos! Can you imagine the logistical nightmare if this treasure hunt is allowed to continue? Thousands of people stampeding and tearing up Ottawa and rioting if they don’t win? If you care about the safety and security of your citizens, you should put an end to these shenanigans and heavily restrict treasure hunting so it complies with public safety standards.”
OPTION-1: “Hold on!” yells your Minister of Tourism as she rummages through your desk. “You can’t put an end to this hunt. The people clearly want it to continue. Everyone is happy, buying supplies, and generating profits for local businesses. In fact, this should be an annual tradition! That will really bring in the tourists!” She storms out of your office after realizing the chest isn’t there.
OPTION-2: As you finally relax in your chair, you are greeted by your Minister of the Environment Maverick Davis, who happened to be hiding behind your office plant. “I have a great compromise! Imagine if you had these treasure hunts in our great national parks! Picture the rush of people exploring and appreciating the great wilderness that Trudeau Regime 2015-2019 has to offer, under supervision of course, all for the price of a ticket.”
OPTION-3: Your phone rings several times before you answer it. “Hello Justin Trudeau,” says a distorted voice of indeterminate origin. “I can’t help but notice that there are some key government critics who are also searching for the treasure. Wouldn’t it be convenient if they got lost following some faulty clues?” You immediately hear a click and a dial tone.

