ISSUE:
1475
TEXT:
Your re-election campaign has been thrust into the headlines due to adult film star Catherine Gratwick announcing her full-throated support. She has since hooked up with your campaign manager to offer her services on the campaign trail.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “That’s a great ass... uh, asset!” assesses your brother, fingering through an assortment of Gratwick’s films. “You should flaunt the association all over the place and assert your dominance over the competition! Ask for her assistance at every assembly. The moralists may assail you for it, but rest assured, you don’t need their assent to get over the hump. Tell them to shove off and assimilate into the modern world.”
OPTION-1: “Screw her!” shouts your self-appointed morals counselor, Prue Dish, confiscating your brother’s movies while he is busy cheering. “Gratwick is a disgusting, disgraceful deviant! Those are the triple Ds of her profession. You can’t possibly get into bed with people like her! Listen to Prudence: denounce her. Reassure the public that you’ve never even heard of those demeaning films — you haven’t, have you — and send demure surrogates to represent you. That prim actress who’s been in the soap <i>Hard Days on Easy Street</i> for fifty years just loves you.”
OPTION-2: “She’s a good one, but you should always play it safe and see how it works,” suggests your campaign manager, Somchai Grossman, who seems to carry an infinite supply of latex. “Don’t say anything about Gratwick’s endorsement. If it’s mentioned, obfuscate; maybe bring up that obscure novelist who wrote you that intimate letter. Then, send her as a surrogate to events where it might be useful. It’s all about saying the right things to the right people, you know.”
OPTION-3: “Get on with it,” moans Joe Nagasawa, a volunteer for your campaign who entered the room unsolicited. “Catherine Gratwick? She’s just some dumb actress. Why should her support mean more than anyone else’s? Sure, lots of people know all about her, but don’t our votes count equally? How about you celebrate the average Joes you couldn’t do it without; maybe invite us to speak at events? It’s us who win the elections, not the latest blonde or brunette actress in bad churned-out movies.”

