TEXT:After a slow news week, one of your aides brought to your attention the controversy surrounding Violetstone National Park. Well-known tourism tycoon Edward Rump recently revealed proposals to purchase the land and intends to carve the faces of former leaders into Mount Rushless, a site revered by many Native Paruelia Fillandians. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “The area is perfect for what I have in mind,” exclaims Mr. Rump, showing you some incredibly detailed concept art. “These monolithic carvings of the heads of historical figures will symbolize our nation’s strength and pride.” He gestures towards the faces on the blueprints. “Our nation’s statesmen will not be forgotten! In fact, we could even open this up as a tourist attraction! Never mind that Native Paruelia Fillandians consider the land sacred. These majestic sculptures will stand the test of time. At the very least they’ll finally knock off the Paruelia Filland City Tire Fire to become the Eighth Wonder of Isles of Codist GPTesta!”
OPTION-1: “Who cares about some long-dead old farts?” questions Taylor Wiseau, one of your more youthful aides. “If there’s anybody’s face we should be carving into that mountain, it should be yours! You’ve already done so much for Paruelia Filland, and it’s about time you were paid your proper respect. So many world leaders worry about being remembered after they’re gone. I’m sure you still have many years left in you, but this monument will ensure that you will never be forgotten.”
OPTION-2: “Leader, have you no respect for our sacred lands?” asks Runs With Doves, Chief of the Violetstone tribe. “My people have lived in these lands for countless generations and now you are going to desecrate them? Even worse, you plan to honor imperialist monsters who slaughtered our ancestors? The government should be apologizing for those atrocities, not celebrating the butchers behind them. Leader, these are our lands, not yours. Our home is not a tourist attraction. You must respect that. Our people have suffered enough.”
OPTION-3: “The mountain should be totally left alone,” agrees environmentalist Aria Dredd, as she hands peace offerings to everyone in the room. “Mount Rushless is an environmental wonder and has been beloved for generations exactly as it is. If anything, we should be passing tougher environmental laws to make sure that these lands can’t be sold to the highest bidder. We ought to be designating more lands as national parks and hiring more park rangers to protect them. The government’s top priority should be protecting the environment, not opening up another tourist trap!”

