TEXT:The Prime Minister of the massive agricultural nation of Ausblic has sent you a rather unconventional gift: five thousand fruit baskets worth 100 Galactic Credits each. Now, crates of fruit baskets occupy almost all available space in your office. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Do you like our gift, Leader?” enquires the Prime Minister of Ausblic, Willow Vonnegut, wandering through the maze of fruit baskets only to find your face hidden by a huge pineapple. “We wish to improve ties with Chavoldosperbien, and what better way than by offering a sample of Ausblic’s main export? If you can’t finish eating all five thousand baskets worth of fruit, I’m sure that you could sell some of them back to the market with a significant markup. Just a suggestion.”
OPTION-1: “Nice try, but our leader is incorruptible!” snarls your devoted Home Secretary Colleen Cotchin, her <i>Leader is Love, Leader is Life</i> T-shirt visible through her shirt. “We must destroy all of these odious offerings, and show that we have zero tolerance of graft. Harsh punishments must be given to anyone who tries to bribe government officials. Only then will our glorious nation be free of corruption!”
OPTION-2: “That’s taking it a little too far,” states Hugo Kent, the Minister of the Middle Ground, who is standing between the previous two speakers to keep them apart. “We could permit politicians to receive small gifts, inconsequential sums totalling a maximum of 50 Galactic Credits per person, per annum. Any previous gifts received that are worth more than the amount stated, like those fruit baskets, should be donated to charity. Imagine the needy people of Chavoldosperbien, delightedly waiting for succour as you donate all the things you don’t even need.”
OPTION-4: “What you call bribes, I call political donations,” divulges politician Michelle Riker, who hefts a suitcase that is bursting with cash. “Getting into public office takes millions of Galactic Credits, and the average citizen cannot afford to do so. If you make it easier for politicians to receive donations from altruistic international investors, you could bring equality to politics and give even the most disadvantaged candidates a fighting chance. After all, if some legitimate Blackacrean businessman is actively interested in Chavoldosperbienian politics and wants to help some idealist change Chavoldosperbien for the better, what’s the harm?”

