TEXT:A massive fire recently struck the vaults of famed Darusanian movie studio DGM, tearing through the complex in less than 15 minutes. Questionable storage practices and a lack of fire suppression systems led to the only known copies of many early Darusanian films being destroyed in the blaze. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This clearly shows that big companies can’t be trusted with preserving our culture!” opines self-identified movie critic Nate Dogme, best known for espousing the opinion that post-processing should be banned. “Those ignorant cretins couldn’t give two Darusanian Gold Clutters about ‘An Investigation in Indigo,’ or any other film that isn’t raking in cash. In my unerring opinion, we need a national film archive with proper storage conditions and protection, overseen by people who truly appreciate the artform, such as yours truly. Then maybe we’d gain some artistic integrity as a nation, and maybe my family would finally stop bugging me about this whole job nonsense.”
OPTION-2: “This wouldn’t have happened if those movies were digitized!” cries Sue-Ann Goatly, a digital media activist who only goes to theaters for the overpriced snacks. “Well, the fire probably still would’ve happened, but at least no one would actually care about it! Film reels naturally deteriorate over time; if the fire didn’t destroy them, age and neglect still would. The world is progressing into a new era, and it’s high time we join in! Finance the digitization of our cultural film legacy, unleash the power of the internet, and mandate that all movie studios save their works in a digital vault of sorts, hosted on redundant servers and accessible to all. Sure, they’ll cry about piracy, but Darusan’s amazing culture should be shared with the world.”
OPTION-4: “Ugh, why does anyone even care about this?” asks soda-sipping teenager Bella Montgomery. “Most of those movies were probably trash anyway... I’ve never even heard of them! If you’re so sure they’re important, get rid of those stupid laws against sequels, and maybe studios can make old content relevant again. You just can’t expect my generation to care about some glorified slideshow — technology and taste have advanced too much!”

