ISSUE:
783
TEXT:
Gossip magazines have exploded into a frenzy after news broke that famous teen idol Mohammed “Squeaky” McCool is being conscripted into Blingeritaces’s military.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0:  “I heartily welcome this man to the force,” dead-eyed military recruiter Kitty Latham utters in flat monotone. “Sergeant McCool failed to pass his initial examination, and he exited through the wrong door. But these are minor obstacles every soldier can learn to overcome. He will enter training immediately, and I am sure he will be proud to serve in the front lines with the other grunt... fine Blingeritacesian men and women.”
OPTION-1:  “NO! He’s going to DIE!” screams Plutarch Sanchez, a 45-year-old who gives his current profession as ‘Squeaky’s Number One Fan’. “Leader, you can’t let Squeaky get killed. Can’t you just, well, refuse him? We Squeakers need him so much. He supports all kind of charities: <i>Dinner-Dance for the Destitute</i>, <i>Masquerade for the Pox-Marked</i>... Say, if he paid you some of his millions, couldn’t that be seen as a surrogate to actual service?”
OPTION-2:  “This the pretty boy that’s due in?” rasps Willow Bach from the shadows, riffling through gossip magazines and military files. “He should already be physically fit at his age. In neighbouring countries, kids of seventeen, fourteen, six, can already disassemble and reassemble a rifle, crawl along the ground on their knees and elbows and take out a sniper... normal stuff.” She pauses to show you a video of unknown origin, which appears to depict youngsters playing cops-and-robbers. “Our imitation of conscription has failed to instil healthy Blingeritacesian values into our people. We must widen the net and make the training harsher.”
OPTION-3:  “When an engineer joins, we put them to work fixing stuff,” explains Army logistician, Clara Gates, moving a battalion of toy soldiers from one side of your desk to another. “Why not use this pop singer’s talents? We’d welcome him into the Army, but never put him on the front line. Instead, he’d fly from base to base singing to adoring uniformed fans, pose for recruitment posters, and go on TV to praise the glory of our great nation. He will serve beautifully.”

