TEXT:While heading to your office in Virs Timge Annche City, you suddenly find yourself caught in a massive rally staged by angry taxi drivers protesting Fubar, a popular ridesharing service. As the demonstration blocks off all nearby streets, you are forced to hear the drivers’ respective demands. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Fubar is destroying our business!” exclaims Bahram Davis while trying to offer you a ride. “They charge cheap fares only because they don’t have to pay for registration, special number plates, and occupational insurance. That’s unfair. Fubar is dangerously unregulated. They don’t even perform background checks on their drivers! Do you really want these potentially dangerous drivers, who have no knowledge of the area, giving Virs Timge Annche a bad name to tourists? Ridesharing is anti-competition and a threat to public safety. It must be banned!”
OPTION-1: “I think all this nonsense is nothing more than these taxi drivers being afraid of a little competition,” comments Fubar driver Fatima Kowalski, while checking their phone for nearby rides. “People are sick of taxis; they have to wave their hands up and down like lunatics in order to get one, or spend three hours on call waiting, and we all know taxi drivers always look for ways to cheat you. With Fubar, a friendly driver is always available fairly quickly and all you need is a phone app. I implore you to use some common sense. Fubar is safe, convenient, and the way of the future!”
OPTION-3: “You know, this wouldn’t be a problem if we had more public transit in our cities,” interjects bus driver Kusang Romero, while delaying traffic behind his vehicle. “Fubar and the taxis are both great services, but only for well-off citizens. People who barely make ends meet don’t have the luxury of affording a taxi to get around everywhere. It’s time to start investing in infrastructure and public transit, so that everyone can go about their daily lives. Besides, everyone loves our environmentally friendly buses. They’re great for tourism and accessible to the handicapped. Not to mention our drivers are much nicer than any taxi driver.”

