TEXT:Yesterday, one of the areas that recently seceded from Paruelia Filland was forced to declare itself utterly bankrupt after having spent their entire budget on a gilded statue of their founder. Today, representatives from these new “states” have started reaching out to you to consider the possibility of reconnecting with the Cyberocracy. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Oh Violet, it’s all gone terribly wrong,” bemoans ‘King’ Chris Bradbury, ruler of the <i>Glorious Eastern United Dove Empire</i> (population 12). “I thought it’d be awesome having my own kingdom and everything, but it’s actually really hard work! We’ve got no industry since Dave broke our woodcutting axe and even worse, every damn day I get bugged by idiots who want me to make decisions on everything from foreign policy to whether we should resize our football pitch... can’t they sort this out themselves? Please just take us back, OK?”
OPTION-1: “One little setback and you go running home to mummy,” sneers President-for-life Rosalie Harkness of the <i>Democratic People’s Republic of Paruelia Filland City Boulevard nr. 10</i> (population 24), as she signs a series of executive orders. “Those weaklings over in the <i>People’s Democratic Republic of Dove Hills</i> were never going to last anyway. If you really want to help all of us, then make sure we can stand on our own two feet! I think what we need here is for you to provide a forum to promote more diplomatic links, trade and military cooperation with us smaller nations. It’d help you out, and we’d love to have real toilet paper again.”
OPTION-2: “I told you at the time this was a stupid idea,” sighs Sabina Octavian, Minister for International Affairs. “These idiots are too busy fighting each other or playing at king to even begin thinking about basic infrastructure, let alone functioning toilets. Seriously, you could spit across most of these places. Nonetheless, our agents report some of them are raising armies literally dozens strong. Enough is enough, Leader: let’s welcome back the ones who have seen the error of their ways, bring out the fatted calf and all that, and send in some of our bad hombres to forcefully annex the rest of them.”

