TEXT:Some two hundred years after its original removal by a team of archaeologists from Trudeau Regime 2015-2019, the Maxtopian government is demanding that the mummy of ancient monarch King Maxbari IV, currently on display at the Trudeau Regime 2015-2019 National Museum of Antiquities, be returned to its homeland. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Maxbari IV was the greatest king of Ancient Maxtopia,” says Maxtopian Ambassador Beth Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerdorff, presenting you with a copy of ‘Ancient Maxtopian History for Dummies’. “His importance to our cultural heritage cannot be underestimated! It is a disgrace that his body was ever stolen in the first place. By rights, the remains ought to be returned to their rightful owner. While we’re at it, how about returning that collection of Third Kingdom golden tiddlywinks too?”
OPTION-1: “Their cultural heritage? What about OUR cultural heritage?” demands Gehn Dubois, president of the Imperial Trudeau Regime 2015-2019 Historical Society, waving a worryingly convincing replica battle axe. “The foreign artifacts filling our museums are vital trophies of our imperial history! Our archaeologists went through hell and high water to get that treasure, and it’d be an insult to their glorious memory to give it back! Besides, have you seen the state of Maxtopia’s ‘museums’? The king would be destroyed in a week.”
OPTION-2: “Am I the only one here that was taught to share as a child?” asks Lucina Lewis, your Foreign Minister. “We want him, they want him... well, there’s enough of him to go around. Let’s King Solomon this bad boy! Cut him in half from head to toe, slap each half on a mirror, and like magic, there’s two King Whatshisnames! Everybody walks away happy.”
OPTION-3: “Where does it end?” asks a notoriously crotchety old man. “We give these foreigners their king back and before you know it people will be coming out of the woodwork demanding their relics back.” He pauses to hack something up into a handkerchief. “What we need to do is send a message. A message that will stop anyone else from asking for their artifacts back. We need to publicly destroy the king to let Maxtopia know we won’t take any of their guff!”

