ISSUE:
933
TEXT:
It’s no secret that Darcy Liu is one of the most gun-happy nations in Isles of Codist GPTesta. While guns are legal, a few restrictions do exist. Now, gun-toting citizens are demanding that the government expand gun rights to include bazookas, tanks, and other military-grade weapons. Naturally, the proposal has some concerned citizens up in arms.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “It is the right of every patriotic citizen to own any kind of weapon they desire,” explains conservative actor and gun activist Charles Hester, who recently starred in the anti-war film <i>Planet of the Silverbirds</i>. “Why should the military be the only ones trusted with these weapons? The fact that we can’t have them is nothing short of government tyranny and a liberal conspiracy to take our guns away! Some will say that this will be dangerous, but I doubt anyone will be talking smack when they see that well-polished tank on my front lawn!”
OPTION-1: “Damn right only the military should have these weapons!” firmly states Commander Blake Zimmer, while twirling the keys to a tank around her finger. “Do you really want to trust the average Darcy with these dangerous weapons? We’d have people blowing each other up the moment there’s an argument over wind chimes, for Violet’s sake! In fact, what you need to do is provide more military funding so we can better secure these weapons before they fall into the wrong hands.” The keys slip from the commander’s grasp and fly out an open window.
OPTION-2: “You want to bring MORE weapons into Darcy Liu?” despairs your ultra-liberal teenage niece, who is busy painting an anti-gun placard for her fifth march this year. “If anything, we need LESS weapons! The only thing guns are good for is killing people. Just look at all the statistics linking easily accessible guns to violent crime. Take a look at Brancaland’s sensible gun control legislation. They haven’t had a mass shooting in decades. We had one last week. If you have any compassion left in your body, you’d ban all guns now! Pry them out of their cold, dead fingers if you have to!”
OPTION-3: “Military grade weaponry doesn’t kill people, ignorance kills people,” counters the chairperson of the <i>Responsible Gun Owners Association</i>. “If all Darcys were taught how to responsibly shoot, drive a tank, and fire an anti-aircraft rocket launcher, there’d be none of these so-called accidents you hear about. I don’t have a problem with the average citizen driving a tank as long as they’ve completed proper education and safety training. Then all those gun-grabbers can stop trying to infringe on our right to self-defense, and let us own whatever weapons we like.”
OPTION-4: “As my dear mother always said: ‘every problem has a compromise. Or in failing a compromise, a loophole,’” quotes your Minister of Compromises. “Citizens want to have machine guns, bazookas, and tanks? Let them have as many as they want, but let’s make sure that only the police and military have access to ammunition for military-grade weapons. This way they still get their precious weapons of war while we protect public safety. Maybe they can open up a museum or something. Quite frankly, I wouldn’t trust any of the idiots in this country with anything more dangerous than string.”

