TEXT:Papa Pallocci’s Pizza Pagoda, Yes Enes’s top pizza delivery chain, has unveiled a new “Leviathan Size” deep-dish pizza. Citizens and health experts alike have come to you raising concerns over the health implications of this new pizza. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is a public health travesty,” says Sierra Suparman, a noted nutrition expert. “There is just no sensible reason for a pizza this big to exist! It encourages overeating which leads to obesity and all of the illnesses that go with it! It’s clear that these companies aren’t going to do the right thing without prodding. Obviously, the government needs to ban this greasy filth and make restaurants include nutritional information on all of their menu items!”
OPTION-1: “But the temptation - the temptation is still there!” cries morbidly obese health advocate Ariel Carey. “For years, I ate every kind of junk food imaginable. Just look at me now! Doctors tell me I’ve shaved twenty years off my life at least. This food is deadly, and we shouldn’t tolerate it any more! All fast food restaurants should be banned, and their operators forced to pay reparations to their victims.”
OPTION-2: “That’s preposterous!” replies Ezra Ho, Head of Papa Pallocci’s Public Relations division. “Our food is among the healthiest in Yes Enes! We offer an array of fresh veggies and the finest of meats. These radicals are calling for the government to intervene, but is it really the government’s job to babysit our customers like that? They’re big boys and girls, and it should be up to them to decide what they want to eat! They want pizza, so let them have pizza!”
OPTION-3: “Hey, man. I have an idea,” says Kristy Pelosi, an aging hippie, barely suppressing a giggle. “This is all about healthy food, right? My bros and I were thinking about selling this pizza with locally grown organic ingredients and whole grains and stuff, right? It’d be good for you AND the planet, man. The only snag is we’re a little short on start-up moolah. The government should totally, like, give us money to open our chain. We’d really appreciate it. Yeah, you’d need a tax hike to pay for it, but we’d totally save the world - with pizza, man!”

