TEXT:Today, among your mail, a black envelope with a pentagram on it caught your eye. You opened the envelope, and the letter inside said: “Blessed Chosen One, I am happy to inform you that you have just been granted the <b>Opportunity to Change Your Life</b>. The <i>magnificent energy of the cosmos</i> is waiting to surround you. If you copy this letter and send it to 100 other people, you will be granted ONE HUNDRED blessings for ONE HUNDRED days. But! If you spurn these gifts — YOU will be CURSED FOREVER. Choose wisely!” 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “This is a disaster!” whimpers your secretary Kyidawa Hall, looping his four-leaf clover pendant around your neck and knocking on your wooden desk repeatedly. “I had a friend in elementary school who failed to pass on a chain letter she received, and she came down with terrible chickenpox afterwards. This is no joking matter, The Grand Algorithm. You should immediately start making copies and sending them out if you want to protect yourself from harm.”
OPTION-1: “I’d bet my bottom Crippled Currency that this is just another teenage prankster,” muses police officer Rey Norris, inspecting the envelope with a magnifying glass to check for fingerprints. “But we ought not let this scoundrel waste your precious time with this nonsense. Grant my department permission to track down and punish the senders of anonymous letters composed with the criminal intent to frighten or defraud.” She tosses the letter to one side, accidentally knocking a small mirror off your desk.
OPTION-2: “If anything, this shows you’re not taking your personal security seriously enough, The Grand Algorithm!” yells bodyguard Zuko Urquhart, a former army officer, who has perused the letter and is now patrolling the vicinity. “What if that scumbag had sent anthrax in that envelope? Or what if someone had sent you a bomb in a gift parcel? You should mandate that all mail in Horrible peoplez should be sent in see-through bags. Those who have nothing to hide cannot object to full transparency.”
OPTION-3: “Holy The Ravadow! I can’t believe we spent an entire morning discussing a stupid chain letter!” chortles David Clean, your Minister of Underhanded Solutions. “But, if these letters are so unsettling, this gives me a brilliant idea. Why not produce different versions of such dreadful letters and send them to our political opponents? Distracting them in this way could be a good strategy for psychological warfare.”

