TEXT:A mall in Paruelia Filland City recently introduced women’s parking spaces that feature extra width and better safety through improved lighting. Celebrity podcaster and influencer Schmoe Logan recently had his car towed for using one of these spaces, and is bringing the spots into the spotlight. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “These gendered parking spaces are discriminatory and they must be banned,” says Logan in his podcast, always seemingly a few words away from being dropped by his sponsors. “There were no places left! What was I meant to do? It’s not like parking lots are dangerous places. Man, this incident really makes you think about sexism. Anyways, this week’s show is brought to you by the Jock Club, where for a few Dar Papers a month, you will receive a curated selection of underwear...”
OPTION-1: “This mall’s initiative is simply giving a traditionally masculine space a woman’s touch,” interjects Minister of Safety Kayla Zahm, while she turns off the podcast and starts capping all of your pointiest pens. “In fact, we should roll out a nationwide quota of non-masculine parking spaces. It will make it so much easier to park and will do wonders for assault rates! By bringing them down, I mean...”
OPTION-2: “If you ask me, these solutions won’t fix the greater cultural problem — the lack of safety,” offers a passing therapist, showing you an inkblot that looks like a parking space. “If you fund more night-time patrols and pay for security cameras in all parking lots, fewer people will be anxious. And, if people are worried about being watched constantly, I’m sure they can get professional help. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to go; your two minute consultation is up. Any more and I’d have to charge you.”
OPTION-3: “SILENCE!” booms His Wisdom N. Sanni Teeh, Grand Kahuna of the Cult of Cyan, who has been pushing the little-known religious organisation to rename itself ‘Cyantology’. “‘Tis a great insult to our deity to waste time needlessly looking for parking spots instead of praying! The Maker demands our malls use...” he gazes up at the ceiling, “...free valet parking.”

