TEXT:Scandalously, a recent TV interview revealed that your Minister for Public Health doesn’t know much about being healthy. He didn’t know the difference between a bacterium and a virus, and thought that Ebola was the name of a Bigtopian princess. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: Director of Communications Malcolm Capaldi has had a very busy day shouting at his inferiors, but makes some time to shout at you.  “Right, that is it! I’ve had enough of politicians with no experience or knowledge of their department’s aegis. It’s about as useful as asking a brain surgeon to climb a tree! What’s next? An Environmental Advisor who doesn’t believe in climate change? I say we need properly qualified professionals leading their departments. A doctor caring for the health service, a teacher in charge of education, and so on. In fact, there should be a mandatory examination paper that you have to pass to hold a government position. No more idiot politicians, please!”
OPTION-1: Much to everyone’s surprise, Kristian Turner, the shamed Public Health Minister, squeezes in through your window, having climbed a tree to your floor. “Whew... I think I’ve evaded those journalists! I agree that we must ensure this doesn’t happen again. We ministers should be better supported in our appointments; we can only be as good as our briefings! A proper team of aides and analysts for all officials will ensure we don’t get caught out again, even if it increases administrative costs. Oh, by the way, in case anyone asks you, it turns out Ebola is a type of disease!”
OPTION-2: Rummaging through your desk for valuables, an uninvited burglar decides to comment. “If I may speak for us decent working folk, I can honestly only name one or two ministers in your Cabinet. Why? Because we, the people, didn’t elect them. No one in government should be doing a job unless the public chose them for it. We must hold elections for all ministerial posts. There’s only like six of them, aren’t there?”
OPTION-3: Your mother walks in with a tray of freshly baked cookies for everyone. “I don’t know about all these big ideas; the problem is quite simple. Only you know how you want to run this country. It’s all well and good having friends to help but I’m not sure they actually do anything. Surely you can do it all yourself, little darling; you shouldn’t let anyone question your decisions or your absolute rule. Any spare politicians that won’t bow out gracefully you should get rid of. Just give them a poisoned cookie or something.” She smiles innocently as your Public Health Minister desperately spits out a mouthful of crumbs.

