TEXT:Actor Matthias Kirk, the famously tweedy star of superhero franchise <i>Superbloke</i>, has been heavily criticised after an incident at a Shop-Qwik, in which he was accused of “holding back women’s rights by holding open doors”. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Chivalry is just another word used by men who lord it over women!” shouts vlogger for radical feminist website <i>Lady Luck</i>, Darya Rogers. “Women are not frail innocents who need shielding from the weight of a door. Opening doors for women is unnecessary at best, and downright demeaning at worst. I say the government should fund advertisements and posters that show positive images of women as strong and powerful, so these patronising oiks will realise that we don’t need their help!”
OPTION-1: “Well, I’m dashed! The way I was raised, it was expected that men should open doors for ladies,” says Mr. Kirk, leaning lightly on his decorative silver-topped cane. “Protecting the fairer sex is an obligation of every gentleman - like learning to ride astride, box ruffians or dance a manly gavotte - and I’m sure many ladies would prefer feeling cherished by society. Rather than discourage chivalry, we should teach it in schools.”
OPTION-2: “Why should good manners be restricted by sex?” muses freelance etiquette consultant Octavius Abbott, holding open the door while smiling and nodding with sabre-toothed politeness until Matthias finally exits. “Everyone should show a little consideration for others. Run a campaign to tell all Yes Enesians that they have a duty to pause and hold the door for <i>all</i> the people behind them, to say their ‘pleases’ and ‘thank yous’ and to start from the outside and work in when eating a proper eight course meal, gosh darn it. Courtesy costs only time.”
OPTION-3: “Why don’t we just replace all conventional doors with automatic doors?” says fringe economist Taylor Flanders, who part-owns <i>In a Spin Automatic Doors</i>. “There’d be no need for anyone to cause offence by opening doors for anyone, and just think of all the amazing manufacturing jobs it’d create.”

