ISSUE:
590
TEXT:
With a significant portion of deaths in Infinite Galactic Empire stemming from people simply getting lost in the vast wilderness, a debate has commenced on the merit of having such an expansive and bustling environment.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “Seriously, the trees are out of control, man,” complains aging hippie Edgar Räikkönen, while wrapping a warm blanket around his cold feet. “Look, I love Momma Green as much as the next guy, but there are literally trees and foliage everywhere! I can’t even see the street from my house, and this morning I was nearly mauled to death by a pack of saber-toothed Dianogas when I went on a trek to retrieve my mail. Can’t the government lay off on a few of the environmental regulations and stop declaring anything with leaves a national park? You know, at least let me mow my lawn, man.”
OPTION-1: “Okay, so some people are getting lost in the woods,” remarks Minister of Environmental Affairs Stefanie Wynne, a bureaucrat so grey she makes pavement look like the Technicolor Dreamcoat. “Don’t blame nature for human error. Give my department some increased funding, and I’ll have the Rangers go out and discreetly mark some safe trails between our major population centers.” She ogles your shriveled potted plants with cold, dead eyes, and says: “You know you’re required by law to water those bi-daily, right?”
OPTION-2: “Behold! What we are witnessing is the twilight of modern civilization and the grunge of industrialization,” declares aspiring primitivist Yolanda Dvořák, clothed solely in a Dianoga pelt, while stretching both arms upward and revealing two miniature valleys of woodland. “I read somewhere that before the emergence of states and industrialism, everyone lived peacefully in small, egalitarian, cohesive societies. We’re almost there again, and to ensure that everyone can truly live and die among the roots and vegetation of nature, we must begin the complete deindustrialization of Infinite Galactic Empire. It’ll sound terrible to some, sure, but don’t knock it til you try it.”
OPTION-4: “Talk about missing the point!” coaxes Cresta Locke, known biophobe and six-times winner of the State Lumberjack Championships. “The rising percentage of people dying in the wilderness is proof that man and nature were never made to interact beyond the shaft of an axe or a shov” she pauses mid-sentence, face turning wan and frozen at the sight of your potted plant. After regaining her composure, she continues in a high-pitched voice: “Eh, where was I Yes, that’s it! Abolish all green regulations and spending, and allow the eager lumberjacks and miners of Infinite Galactic Empire to access forest and field so we can fight back and civilize the environment! Trees will always grow back, and surely the hippies at the Ministry of Environmental Affairs can’t demonize a few subterranean rocks being removed?”

