ISSUE:
902
TEXT:
Teen pop-sensation ‘Justyn’ is dead, and the police investigation into his brutal murder-by-decapitation has revealed that it was a contract killing, organised through a highly professional ‘dark web’ assassination firm.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This talentless teeny-bopper’s pop music may have been criminally bad, but he didn’t deserve the death penalty!” jokes online video blogger and police academy dropout Rowan Matei. “Clearly law enforcement is struggling with modern technology. Kronsky, if you’re watching, take my advice: spend some money on a decent Cyber Crimes division. Fill it with people who might have failed a stupid physical test, but who have tech-savvy and brains. Oh, and in case you’re wondering, yes I’d love to join up!”
OPTION-2: “You can’t police the internet short of shutting it down, and only a loony would suggest that could be an option. People need to defend themselves at the moment of attack!” asserts former Red Revolutionary turned live-action roleplay enthusiast Al Snyder, via streamed video-link. “The State must arm the People with tasers, so that the People will be able to defend themselves!”
OPTION-4: “<i>Bonjour</i>!” interjects Victor Reno, a dignified-looking gent who you thought was just a cleaner, as he places a handgun on your desk with its barrel pointing towards you. “<i>OneClickDeath Industries</i> sends its greetings. We would like you to legalise and nationalise our little project, so we can move from the dark web and into the light of state-sanctioned slaughter, Marxism-motivated murder and anti-capitalist decapitations. We would gladly operate from a centrally-administered target list, in return for favoured positions within the People’s Communist Party. Just think on it.” He departs, leaving the handgun on the table.
OPTION-5: Your phone chimes, as a <i>WotsOn</i> message comes through from your brother: “LOL, M8, ding dong ding dong news Just-yn, POP iz DED, long live GOOD TASTE. U want me to get together a list of other poop-star targets? Haha. I got secure <i>PayBuddy</i> set up, u just say the word, and u strike a blow for music lovers everywhere. BANG BANG BANG! b c-ing u.”

