ISSUE:
1428
TEXT:
A Bigtopian diplomatic bag was accidentally searched by customs officers, contrary to diplomatic conventions. Before the search was stopped, the bag was found to contain cocaine brownies, snortable marijuana, gold leaf toilet paper rolls, and jars of whale oil. Even though the bags were promptly handed over to the Bigtopian embassy, questions have been raised about this discovery.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This is the most obvious case of smuggling I’ve ever seen!” says customs officer Romulus Galavan, oblivious to a man wearing a trenchcoat full of fake watches sneaking through the checkpoint behind him. “Those Bigtopians are abusing our trust by bringing in all manner of illegal items, and not paying duties on the legal ones. You need to punish the Bigtopians by expelling them immediately, even if it exposes us as breaking diplomatic conventions.”
OPTION-1: “Why do we allow diplomatic bags anyway?” asks one of your aides. “Just treat embassy luggage the same as any other luggage, subject to the exact same rules and examination as everybody else’s bags.”
OPTION-2: “While diplomatic bags aren’t meant to contain contraband, the greater fault is ours,” observes your Minister of Protocol. “To open a diplomatic bag — even accidentally — is a major breach of trust. Embassies being allowed to confidentially send documents and communications to their own governments is the basis of international diplomacy. Also, dare I say it, our own diplomatic bags carry sensitive information back to us from other nations which are critical to our intelligence community. Apologise to the Bigtopians, claim you didn’t look closely at the contents, and offer them a hefty payment in contrition for our impoliteness.”
OPTION-3: “The illegal products aren’t as important as the concealed intel,” agrees spymaster ‘N’, while searching your briefcase without permission. “Imagine the valuable intelligence we could find by covertly opening every country’s diplomatic bags. We could learn military secrets, along with the names of foreign spies within our country, then replicate their passports for espionage. We can blackmail couriers, walk them through hidden scanners, and employ tradecraft in other subtler ways to compromise the bags. It’s the right thing to do for our glorious Socialist Canadian Union.”

