TEXT:A highly publicized data leak from Maxtopia has revealed classified military projects studying ESP, astral projection, mind-reading and other psychic-related phenomena. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Just look at the things Maxtopia was experimenting with!” exclaims General Osborne fiddling with a tinfoil ‘projection’ cap. “There’s mind-reading devices, brain-expansion exercises, this ‘Dream Twister’ secret project, and so much more! I mean, just imagine the potential strategic advantages on the battlefield, or in intelligence operations! Even if it comes to nothing, can you risk letting them get ahead of us? We should also be funding open-minded research into the paranormal, just to see what we find.”
OPTION-1: “Research alone is not taking this far enough!” proclaims purportedly psychokinetic guru Duncan Vonnegut, offering you a copy of his self-help book <i>Moving Forward</i>. “The full potential of the human mind is an infinite power beyond this puny material world! A psychic soldier could stop their enemy’s heart with a thought, and smash tanks with a wave of the hand. Set aside all conventional arms, and train your army to fight purely with psychic force.”
OPTION-2: “Oh please, don’t tell me you’ve fallen for this nonsense as well!” moans famed debunker Kathryn Cotchin. “All these projects amounted to nothing: nada, zilch, zero! They have only ever produced wasted time and wasted money. It’s time that we clamped down on ridiculous superstitions, and purged all magical thinking from our military! Any soldier caught spouting mystical mumbo-jumbo should be dishonorably discharged immediately!”
OPTION-3: “Of course the paranormal isn’t real, but that doesn’t mean we can’t spread some disinformation,” murmurs Propaganda Director Oswald Kent. “Essentially, this is about PSYOPS, not psychic ops. You must first fake and then leak data claiming that we have <i>already</i> developed paranormal military capabilities. This will unnerve credulous nation states, while also wasting the espionage resources of more cautious foes as they seek to refute our claims. It’ll be a cheap way to gain a significant strategic edge, so why not go for it?”

