TEXT:As your population has now reached 3.015 billion, there has been serious discussion about whether or not the current borders of Darcyus are sufficient. Agricultural and industrial imports have been increasing to unsustainable levels, as former farmland and commercial areas are repurposed for urgent housing needs. Your top advisers have now come to you to address the subject of land appropriation. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “Our current borders are not sufficient; the Darcyusian people need their lebensraum!” fumes General Picard, as he gets right in your face, forcing you to rock back in your chair. “Let’s mobilise our armed forces and start claiming new domains. Then, we can repopulate these lands with our own good people. Let’s start with Ausonia; their army couldn’t outflank a sleeping horse. No doubt, they will thank us for it in the end!”
OPTION-1: “I think a full-on invasion might turn out costly and embarrassing for us,” muses your Trade Minister, Fumiko Wessex, as she waves a banana at you menacingly. “The inhabitants of many countries were only armed with sharpened fruit 200 years ago, but now they all have a modern military and equipment to rival our own. Countries can get conquered via diplomacy, you know? Open diplomatic offices and trade branches in some of the ‘lesser developed’ nations, then create obscurely phrased treaties that gradually wear away their sovereign rights — that way we can still gain control of these places without the violence. But I agree, we should start with Ausonia.”
OPTION-2: “Those ideas will irk the international community,” claims Lebron deJong, your Finance Minister, who has arrived late for the meeting carrying several hefty shopping bags. “Why not just buy ourselves more land? See what lands smaller and poorer nations are willing to sell to us, then buy them for our colonists. It will cost a bit to begin with, but the outlay involved will probably, I mean, eventually be offset by the productivity of the new lands. I quite fancy this hilly province of Ausonia, I could build my own farm there let’s make them an offer!”
OPTION-3: “What has Ausonia ever done to us?” enquires Rosalia Laine, your Interior Minister, as she hangs a ‘Home, Sweet Home’ banner on your wall. “There are still some places in Darcyus that have a bit of room, you know? We could bore out the mountains, dig under the desert, even drain the swamps. Just give our citizens a financial incentive to move into these uninhabitable sorry uninhabited regions, and there’s the extra living space we require! I’m not sure exactly what kinds of industry or agriculture could thrive in such conditions, and these people are going to need a decent healthcare plan, but life always finds a way, right?”

