TEXT:The Darcyusian Post Office reported an unexpected rise in the sale of stamps, which was oddly unaccompanied by any increase in mail deliveries. Further research has revealed that increasing numbers of Darkites are buying stamps to use in place of cash, with the value of the stamp acting as a promissory note for its monetary value. 
OPTIONS: 
OPTION-1: “I’ll admit, stamps aren’t ideal for this purpose,” concedes grocer Roxanne Dixon, who recently started accepting stamps in lieu of payment for her lovely melons. “They’re a little fiddly, and if they get damp they stick together. Maybe you lot in government could make some bigger stamps, like something that would fit nicely in a good ol’ fashioned wallet, without any adhesive. You could watermark them to prevent forgery, and maybe produce them at a range of values, from 1 to 100 Dar Papers. That’d be quite handy for day-to-day business, you know?”
OPTION-1: “The whole point of digital money was to make transactions fully traceable!” splutters your Minister of Taxpayer Surveillance, thrusting a black market banana in your face somewhat aggressively. “We need to get rid of stamps, and make transactions of that sort occur purely digitally as well: a unique scannable code on mail can work just as well as a stamp. While we’re at it we’ll need to ban any other physical object that has a direct cash value: casino chips, book tokens, luncheon vouchers... they’ve all got to go!”
OPTION-2: “It’s not the stamps that are the problem, it’s the illegal transactions,” growls your police chief, upsetting the grocer’s apple cart. “We need to fund sting operations to catch any trader who accepts payment in any form other than electronic credit transfer, and destroy their stock when they fail to comply.” He stamps all over the fallen produce to demonstrate. “How do you like them apples?”
OPTION-3: “There’s always a simpler way,” suggests grumpy genius Tari Pratshet. “All you need to do is erode the public’s confidence in stamps - money only works as such if people accept its value. If you run a campaign of whispers reminding people that banks and credit companies don’t accept stamps, and talk about all the things they can only buy with proper electronic credit, then they will become less inclined to treat these things as money. The fad will pass.”

