ISSUE:
1257
TEXT:
A shocking archaeological find in one of Paruelia Filland’s many caverns has led to the discovery of a huge array of pre-Paruelia Fillandian totems, idols, and assorted knickknacks made entirely of stone, many of which gave researchers ‘the heebie-jeebies’.
OPTIONS:
OPTION-0: “This is a fascinating opportunity for the scientific community as a whole!” spouts Blake Breitbart, breathlessly running through her brick-thick pile of notes and results. “Our initial tests are already showing a stunning reading of anomalous energy in each and every one of those artifacts! If we could be permitted to, erm, <i>acquire</i> them, this mysterious power source could be the backbone for future Paruelia Fillandian technological advances! Think of the societal possibilities!”
OPTION-1: Pushing the scientist aside, your mustachioed military adviser Nikolai Harman grips at a manila envelope entitled ‘TOP SECRET’. “That’s all fine and dandy, but what if we used this ‘anomllalus’ energy to power our weapons? These days, everyone’s raring to get bigger and better guns, and we need to make sure ours are bigger and better than everyone else’s! If we get those magic rock thingies, I’m sure my eggheads’ll make something out of it!”
OPTION-2: “Hold on a moment!” shouts physicist Margaret Feinmann, frantically tying a leaded apron around her waist. “Something feels off about this whole matter, and it’s not a strictly metaphorical sensation. I’m not saying these totems are radioactive, but you’d have to be bongos-level bonkers not to consider it as a rational explanation. For the sake of everyone, please consider immediately transporting this archaeological cache to my laboratory upon excavation. Although careful precautions may slow down the pace of research, my team is one of only a few in the nation with the proper equipment to actually handle this matter safely.”
OPTION-3: Amid the din, museum curator Sebastian vanGogh squeezes into your office while clutching his limited-edition copy of ‘Ancient Civilisations for Dummies’. “I think we’re all missing the point here! These are priceless artifacts, hearkening back to the days before Paruelia Filland was even around! If you don’t have the maturity to leave them where they are, at the very least send them to my museum so other Paruelia Fillandians can actually appreciate what came before them!”
OPTION-4: A shallow bowl of apple purée smashes through the window, covering everyone in the room but you. Down on the street, a pious elderly individual paces furiously. “HERESY! WITCHCRAFT! Leader, these totems are an affront to my faith! Why you haven’t already destroyed them for the sake of Paruelia Filland, I have no idea!”

